1. Transformation im Gesundheitswesen – Chancen für die Urologie von morgen.
2. In reply.
3. Termine.
4. AUO.
5. GeSRU.
6. Berufspolitik BvDU.
7. Mitteilungen der DGU.
8. BvDU Kurz notiert.
9. Highlight: scaffolding of membrane-proximal processes.
10. Chronic Cough Among Primary Care Doctors: Unmet Needs.
11. Standardizing the unstandardized: The international system reaches the  cerebrospinal fluid.
12. Beyond the bulk: engineering analytical functions with nanofluidics and  nanostructures.
13. PCOS to PMOS: a critical appraisal of the proposed name change.
14. From Test Providers to Diagnostic Stewards: Expanding the Role of Clinical  Biochemists.
15. The robotic revolution in percutaneous coronary intervention: bridging the gap  to clinical reality.
16. Intravascular lithotripsy in chronic total occlusion PCI: expanding the calcium  modification armamentarium with cautious optimism.
17. Acute Encephalopathy in an Infant.
18. Post-translational modification-regulating biomaterials for regeneration.
19. Mitapivat (Aqvesme) for thalassemia.
20. Icotrokinra (Icotyde) for psoriasis.
21. Inqovi for acute myeloid leukemia.
22. Bemotrizinol - a new sunscreen.
23. circRNA-programmed macrophages enable localized antibody therapy.
24. Mechanostereochemical modulation of polymer mechanical properties.
25. Mammalian therapeutic riboswitches: Engineering and custom ligands.
26. Microgel-Based Immunomodulatory Biomaterials for Regulating Macrophage  Polarization.
27. Glucose Transporter 1 in Health and Disease.
28. Understanding adipocyte heterogeneity across species, depot, and disease.
29. Metabolic Regulation of Macrophages in Health and Disease.
30. XPO1: From basic research to clinical treatment (Review).
31. Coronary Microvascular Dysfunction: Epidemiology, Pathophysiology, Diagnosis,  and Treatment.
32. Response to letter from Fontaine et al.
33. Building Trustworthy Artificial Intelligence for Gastrointestinal Endoscopy.
34. Sibeprenlimab (Voyxact) for primary immunoglobulin A nephropathy.
35. Antimalarial cytoskeletal targeting with broad apicomplexan activity.
36. Reversing vegetable biodiversity loss to diversify diets.
37. Antibody-drug conjugates in solid tumors: Efficacy, challenges, and  opportunities.
38. Technology-Driven Decision Support for Opioid Tapering: A Scoping Review.
39. Microbial co-metabolism in the degradation of emerging organic pollutants.
40. Genetically encoded tools for tracking metabolites in live cells.
41. A scoping review of music-based pain treatment mechanism research.
42. Supportive care needs of women with breast cancer in the Middle East and North  Africa region: A scoping review.
43. Utilization and treatment of phosphogypsum: Environmental impacts and resource  potential.
44. Roles of gas molecules and related factors in knee cartilage injury and repair:  a bibliometric visualization analysis of research hotspots.
45. Erythrocyte-inspired biomaterials for cancer immunotherapy: Integration within  the cancer-immunity cycle.
46. Spray-induced gene silencing targeting ZmHSF20 enhances maize thermotolerance.
47. Introduction to Special Issue: Corneal Nerves and Neuropathies.
48. QR-Based Inventory Tracking System to Improve Supply Management.
49. Perimenopause and menopause among active-duty military service women.
50. Contributors: Obstetrics Care of the Patient With Disabilities.
51. A functional genomics-pharmacotranscriptomics framework identifies host-directed  anti-influenza agents.
52. Giant thrombus in aortic arch and pulmonary embolism.
53. Intensive, interdisciplinary pain treatment in fibrous dysplasia/McCune-Albright  syndrome.
54. Metabolomic Insights into HCF-1-dependent Regulation of Liver Homeostasis.
55. Multilevel in silico structural analysis of WNT proteins.
56. Multimodel Diffusion MRI Signatures in Atypical Parkinsonian Disorders.
57. Conducting grounded theories in midwifery research: Practical insights.
58. Stent-bridging fistulogastrostomy for refractory post-pancreatectomy external  pancreatic fistula.
59. The pivotal discovery of a major plant adaptation to a changing climate.
60. The development of single-cell lineage tracing technology and its application in  immunotherapy.
61. CRISPRing through time: How cutting-edge technology is revolutionizing life  sciences and medicine.
62. MicroRNAs and SGLT2 inhibitors in cardiovascular disease: Shared pathways and  emerging roles.
63. Chronic kidney disease‑associated encephalopathy: Clinical features,  pathomechanisms and emerging therapeutic strategies (Review).
64. Histotripsy for renal cell carcinoma: from animal studies to clinical  application.
65. Advances in water transparency research: Mechanistic insights and multi-scale  monitoring innovations.
66. Stem design in radial head arthroplasty: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
67. Mechanisms and therapeutic strategies of pyroptosis in sepsis‑induced acute lung  injury (Review).
68. The update of prostaglandin E2 receptor subtype 4 (EP4) in inflammatory  diseases.
69. Therapeutic intensification in post-traumatic stress disorder worldwide: where  do we stand?
70. Effects of cuproptosis and its application in inflammatory bowel disease  (Review).
71. Beyond hyperglycaemia: diabetic retinopathy is a multifactorial complication of  diabetes mellitus.
72. Renal denervation triage tool: a practical approach to the management of  resistant hypertension.
73. Roles of Piezo channels in dentofacial deformity: Onset, orthodontic treatment,  and associated diseases.
74. Environmental fate and biogeochemical impacts of microplastics on phosphorus  cycling across aquatic interfaces.
75. Gut‑bone metabolites: SCFAs, polyamines and microbial metabolomics in  osteoporosis risk and therapy (Review).
76. Multimodality, interaction modeling, and multimodule architectures in genomic  prediction: A unified conceptual framework.
77. Circular RNAs in esophageal squamous cell carcinoma: What do we know so far?
78. Submucosal urothelial cancer of bladder: A case report.
79. Severe angioedema following dupilumab therapy for bullous pemphigoid.
80. Hypertension and gut microbial hydrogenases: a comparison of hydrogen metabolism  and etiology.
81. Recommendations for the use of clinical outcome assessments in rare disease drug  development.
82. Data invisibility in United States national healthcare datasets: implications  for immigrant health equity.
83. The ubiquitin system in heart and vessel pathobiology: From mechanisms to  therapeutic strategies.
84. Remdesivir from failed Ebola drug to first FDA-approved COVID-19 antiviral: The  medico-legal integration.
85. Gut‑liver‑kidney axis: A systems biology framework for understanding and  treating chronic kidney disease (Review).
86. Integrating Psychological Care into Pediatric Sports Medicine: Levels of  Collaboration and Common Referral Concerns.
87. Optimization strategies for monoclonal antibody production: advances in  simulation and artificial intelligence in bioprocessing.
88. A meta-analysis of Origanum vulgare impact on egg production and quality in  laying hens.
89. Structural and mechanistic insights into protein glycosylation and  glycosylphosphatidylinositol anchoring in the endoplasmic reticulum membrane.
90. The Cost of Accessibility: Considerations for Adopting Microscope Camera-Derived  Images for Digital and Computational Pathology.
91. Bone defect repair materials after bone tumour resection: from structural  substitutes to biofunctionalized synergistic therapy.
92. The neural and physiological mechanisms of Animal-Assisted Interventions (AAI):  A systematic review and integrated framework.
93. Adult respiratory syncytial virus infection and community-acquired pneumonia:  pathogenesis, diagnostic challenges and the clinical implications.
94. Insights into the blood-brain barrier in mental health disorders: from  experimental models to clinical findings.
95. Re-evaluating low-molecular-weight heparin use in recurrent missed miscarriage:  current evidence and future directions.
96. Deprescription of Psychotropics in Children and Adolescents: Systematic Review  of Guidelines and Development of a Deprescribing Algorithm.
97. Continuous Quality Enhancement in Clinical Diagnostic Laboratories Through Lean  and Six Sigma Methodologies: A Narrative Review.
98. Mapping Reported Modes of Transmission of Highly Pathogenic Avian Influenza A  (H5N1) to Humans: A Scoping Review.
99. Multidimensional molecular mechanisms of drug resistance in breast cancer:  Implications for clinical decision‑making and treatment strategies (Review).
100. Soil function assessment in smelting sites: Conceptual evolution, methodological  advances, and future directions for sustainable land remediation.
101. Elucidating behavioral and environmental barriers to clinicians' engagement in  endometriosis diagnostic practices: a mixed-methods scoping review.
102. Surfactants promote microbial CO(2) fixation by enhancing nutrient utilization.
103. Screening for placenta accreta spectrum in the first trimester.
104. Seminal fluid enhances monkeypox virus infection via amyloidogenic fibrils.
105. Antiretroviral regimen and sex-specific metabolic heterogeneity in pediatric  HIV.
106. Bioengineering DNA-based hydrogels for regenerative medicine: A review of  programmable design, chemical synthesis and therapeutic potential.
107. Surface bioengineering of lanthanide nanoparticles for theranostic applications:  From hydrophilic modification to multimodal imaging and therapy.
108. The neuropsychological impact of early childhood trauma on cognitive  development: A narrative review of mechanisms, outcomes, and interventions.
109. Immediate and single-stage facial reanimation after radical parotidectomy and  oncologic facial nerve sacrifice: A systematic review.
110. Nutritional Risk Screening Recommendations for Critically Ill Patients: A  Meta-Research Study and Quality Appraisal of Clinical Guidelines.
111. Transcriptional Scenario of Altered Glycosylation in HPV-Associated Cervical  Cancer.
112. Altered Neural Oscillations and Hemispheric Asymmetry in Single-Sided Deafness.
113. Interleukin-2 is associated with cytopenias in systemic lupus erythematosus.
114. Microdystrophins partially rescue deficits of duchenne muscular dystrophy  iPSC-cardiomyocytes.
115. Boosting cytosine base editing in potato through synergistic optimization.
116. Obsessive-compulsive tendencies shift the balance between competitive  neurocognitive functions.
117. Gene expression adaptation of metastases to their host tissue.
118. Tuberculosis Care Access Among Internally Displaced Persons in India and  Nigeria: A Review of Structural Barriers and Context-Specific Interventions.
119. Global molecular and serological evidence of dengue and chikungunya infection: a  systematic review and meta-analysis of 158,608 tested participants.
120. KMT5A-mediated methylation of IRF3 promotes tumor progression through immune  suppression.
121. Intelligent GMS seed production and breeding system in Medicago sativa.
122. Cochlear Health Monitoring Post-Cochlear Implantation Reveals Biomarkers for  Hearing Outcomes.
123. Combining Nonword and Sentence Repetition to Identify Developmental Language  Disorder.
124. Impact of Rotation Timing on Emergency Medicine Sub-Internship Course Outcomes.
125. Transformation and fate of trace elements during germanium-containing lignite  combustion.
126. Effects of Poly(β-Amino Ester) Networks on Macrophage Response In Vitro.
127. Haemodynamic predictors of lesion progression in non-ischaemic tandem coronary  stenoses.
128. Activation parameters, enthalpy-entropy compensation and the  temperature-dependent activity of enzymes.
129. The key role of RANKL and OPG as molecular biomarkers in bone remodeling  associated with different grafts regarding socket preservation: A systematic  review.
130. Click-crosslinked nano-hydrogel enables metabolic immune reprogramming for  diabetic foot ulcers.
131. Public transport: the missing link in tuberculosis control in Somalia.
132. Placental transfer efficiencies of multiple metals: Patterns, and influence  factors.
133. Examining the Postoperative Outcomes After Minimally Invasive Versus Open  Fixation of Thoracolumbar Fractures in Patients With Ankylosing Spondylitis: A  Systematic Review and Meta-analysis.
134. A case of Klippel-Feil syndrome with adult-onset neurological symptoms.
135. Recurrence after healing in pyoderma gangrenosum: a prospective registry-based  cohort study.
136. [Report on oral health literacy of children and adolescents in Nagqu, Xizang].
137. hsa-miR-3529-5p through F2RL3 Regulation as an Enhancer of Sensitivity to  Cisplatin.
138. Thunderclap Headache in a Patient With Giant Cell Arteritis: Consider Aortic  Dissection.
139. Defining Complete Remission in Nephrotic Syndrome: One Size May Not Fit All.
140. hsa-miR-885-5p As Post Transcription Regulator of Matrix metalloproteinase 9 in  Tuberculous Meningitis.
141. When silos cannot be broken: Rethinking integration and coexistence in one  health.
142. The RNA-binding protein HuR stabilizes survivin mRNA in human oesophageal  epithelial cells.
143. GDF5 modulation of MuSC pool as a potential therapeutic benefit for DMD.
144. Resolving weak moments in canted antiferromagnets via time-domain terahertz  emission spectroscopy.
145. Microwave-assisted electro-peroxone process for rapid removal of  high-concentration recalcitrant dye solutions.
146. Achieving SEP-1 Compliance: Common Pitfalls and Pearls from the Emergency  Department.
147. Evaluation of Punicalagin as a multi‑targeted therapeutic agent against  endometrial cancer.
148. Parameter-dependent stress states and their effects on properties of  press-coated tablets.
149. A randomised clinical trial investigating robotic-assisted percutaneous coronary  intervention: the PARTY trial.
150. Differential linguistic patterns across Rorschach, TAT, and SCT in individuals  with PTSD.
151. Prognostic Impact of Concomitant Genomic Alterations in FGFR2-Positive  Cholangiocarcinoma Treated With Pemigatinib.
152. Quantifying interprovincial NO₂ transport over the Yangtze River Delta: Dynamics  and drivers.
153. AI-driven troubleshooting for TrueBeam systems: Development and testing of a  GPT-4.1 Chatbot.
154. Prevalence, Comorbidities, and Mortality of Obesity Classes 4 and 5 in Adults.
155. Measures matter: assessing childhood maltreatment and emotion dysregulation in a  transdiagnostic sample.
156. Survival First: How Citizens Prioritize Competing Climate-Health Risk  Countermeasures Under Fiscal Constraints.
157. Beyond clinical care: how the hospital environment shapes patient perception and  satisfaction.
158. circRNA_013145‑miR‑185‑5p‑RhoA axis: A novel mechanism in the pathophysiology of  diabetes‑induced erectile dysfunction.
159. Prognostic significance of atrial fibrillation resolution after left ventricular  assist device implantation.
160. Percutaneous Release of Trigger Finger: Long-Term Review of Outcomes Using  18-Gauge Needle.
161. Enhanced removal of iodine ions using Zn-based metal-organic  framework/polypyrrole adsorption membrane.
162. Interparticle interactions in nonlocal media: Attraction and repulsion from  charge-polarization coupling.
163. A unified machine-learning framework for ab initio multiscale modeling of  liquids.
164. CRISPR/Cas9-mediated knockout of MsMLO1 confers enhanced powdery mildew  resistance in alfalfa.
165. Early hemodynamic assessment and longitudinal imaging for predicting graft  outcomes post-transplant.
166. Postpancreatitis extrapancreatic necrosis mimicking peritoneal carcinomatosis: A  pediatric diagnostic pitfall.
167. VAMP7-dependent mitochondria-lysosome contacts contribute to glial mitochondrial  dynamics and dopaminergic neuron survival.
168. Plastic-mediated alterations in soil microbial networks and their role in  sulfamethazine degradation.
169. Anion-exchange chromatography separates structurally heterogeneous and  low-potency particles in adeno-associated virus manufacture.
170. Immuno-engineered conductive hydrogels: Bridging neural signaling and  microenvironmental remodeling for neural repair.
171. Regulatory effects of nano-zero-valent iron on microalgae: Biological properties  and auto-flocculation process.
172. Context-aware multimodal AI navigates hidden pathways in five centuries of art  evolution.
173. Age-dependent axonal dysfunctions and altered sharp-wave ripple oscillations in  Scn1a (+/-) mice.
174. Volumetric photoacoustic imaging of elastin and age-related remodeling using  near-infrared probe ElaNIR.
175. Fine particulate matter promoted vascular calcification through the  miR-27b-5p/HES1 signaling pathway.
176. Frozen storage of mAbs at elevated temperatures: Balancing stability and  sustainability.
177. Climate change impacts on European electricity demand and supply until 2100.
178. Clinical 2D MRI radiomics for infant brain age and trajectory modeling.
179. Ultrasonic-driven force-electric nanodomains orchestrate  lysosome-to-mitochondria functional cascade to accelerate bone regeneration.
180. Cdk7 Regulates Myelin Sheath Morphology and Lipid Homeostasis in Schwann Cells.
181. Bioactive 3D-Printed valve scaffold promoting valvular regeneration via  immunomodulation and endothelialization.
182. Single-Cell-Derived Rabbit mAb-Based Immunoassay for Simultaneous Detection of  Florfenicol and Florfenicol Amine.
183. Pulmonary Tuberculosis and Lung Cancer: Bibliometric Analysis of Global  Scientific Output.
184. Dataset on psychological determinants of impulsive buying in Vietnamese social  commerce.
185. Child Neurology: Arthrogryposis and Antenatal-Onset Hyperkinetic Movements in a  Newborn.
186. Adult, but no pediatric, anaphylaxis-related deaths in the Finnish population  from 2014 to 2023.
187. Oocyte maturation and pregnancy outcomes in relation to gonadotropin duration in  antagonist cycles.
188. Efficiency of nanovaccines compared with antibiotic therapy in the prevention  and immunomodulation of listeriosis.
189. Corrigendum: Unlocking the gasotransmitter: hydrogen sulfide as a multitarget  regulator in ischemia-reperfusion injury.
190. Head injury and guideline awareness: A cross-sectional survey of Australian  community cricket players.
191. Managing TRAP Sequence Conservatively: A Case Report of Full-Term Pregnancy With  Favorable Outcome.
192. Microaxial Flow Pump Support as a Bridge to Transaxillary TAVI-In-TAVI in  Cardiogenic Shock.
193. Graded selenium supplementation restructures yak colostrum composition and  metabolomic organization under high-altitude conditions.
194. Tuberostemonine ameliorates Alzheimer's disease pathology by suppression of the  p38 MAPK signaling pathway.
195. Rheumatoid arthritis burden in 129 low- and middle-income countries from 1990 to  2023.
196. AI-engineered AAV capsid enables intravitreal delivery for the treatment of  diverse retinal degenerations.
197. Association of diabetes and smoking with stroke subtypes and mortality in a  Saudi cohort.
198. The adaptation of the gut microbiome to social environmental changes in an Asian  langur.
199. Humidity-dependent viscosity and hygroscopicity after aging with SO(2) of  biomass burning single nanoparticle.
200. Direct application of Na-containing SSZ-13 for the synthesis of Cu-SSZ-13 as  NH(3)-SCR catalyst.
201. "Hitting rock bottom" and recovery-oriented change in long-standing anorexia  nervosa: A case report.
202. Subthreshold violations of trajectory predictions are sensitive to TMS of  cerebellum Crus I/II.
203. Combined exercise for body composition and cardiometabolic health in obese young  people meta analysis.
204. Letter: depressive symptoms in women with premature ovarian insufficiency (POI):  a cross-sectional observational study.
205. Exploring prediction of tick and tick-borne encephalitis cases in Sweden using  citizen science data.
206. A Clinician-Developed, Low-Cost Application for Post-Liver Transplant Follow-Up  Built Using a Large Language Model.
207. Patient Understanding of Multiple Myeloma and Communication Experiences  (PUMMaCE): Results From a UK Survey.
208. Normobaric and hyperbaric gas therapies in neurodegeneration: toward a  multimodal protocol for early intervention.
209. Commentary on "Electroacupuncture for essential hypertension: mechanistic  insights, current clinical evidence, and translational challenges".
210. Integrating multi-index remote sensing and machine learning for mangrove  dynamics assessment using sentinel-2 imagery.
211. Does the use of pharmaceuticals for bullfrog farming pose health risks to  humans?
212. Assessing microplastic fate through textile wastewater treatment plants:  Stage-specific retention and removal performance.
213. Inequities in HIV/AIDS mortality in 315 Latin American cities: a  population-based cross-sectional analysis.
214. Optimization of AAV tools to target Müller glial cells for retinal gene therapy.
215. Cross-cultural adaptation and initial validation of the Arabic needs of  hospitalized children questionnaire.
216. Evidence of policy-driven emission reductions and post-pandemic rebound from  high-resolution inventories in China.
217. Chorea-athetosis-like hyperkinetic seizures in temporal lobe epilepsy: insights  from stereo-EEG in three patients.
218. An organotypic ectocervix mucosa model to study host-pathogen interaction of  sexually transmitted infections.
219. Application of 2D-Chromatography System for the Determination of Cosmetic  Peptides in Skin Homogenates.
220. The social-class gap in negotiation: Lower-class individuals negotiate less and  face more backlash.
221. Exploring the readiness of Pakistani pharmacists to become independent  prescribers: A qualitative study.
222. Integrated Phytochemical Characterisation, Pharmacological Evaluation and  Computational Investigation of Acampe papillosa Stem Extract.
223. 10,11-Dehydrocurvularin attenuates LPS-induced neuroinflammation in BV2 cells by  inhibiting the TLR2/MyD88/NLRP3 signaling pathway.
224. Letter to Editor regarding "Time of day of induction impacts the total duration  of labor".
225. Endoplasmic reticulum stress-mediated glycophagy drives macrophage M1  polarization in silica nanoparticles-induced pulmonary fibrosis.
226. Demand-Choice-Dilemma-Decision: Exploring the realities of paid care for  community-dwelling older adults in Kerala.
227. A structure-based modeling approach identifies effective drug combinations for  RAS-mutant acute myeloid leukemia.
228. Reprogramming Glial Cell Metabolism via a tRNA Fragment Preserves Vision in  Retinal Neurodegeneration.
229. Cortical surface-based descriptors for childhood autism classification using  segmentation-guided cortical reconstruction from sMRI.
230. Diethyl ether anesthesia inhibits phototropic response in Arabidopsis thaliana  by disrupting auxin redistribution.
231. Polyphyllin II inhibits thyroid cancer progression by targeting HRH1 and  suppressing Wnt/β‑catenin signaling.
232. Engineering climate-resilient horticultural crops: advances in transcriptional  regulation, genome editing, and synthetic networks.
233. Assessment of Neutralizing Antibodies Against COVID-19: The Impact of  Vaccination in Western Rajasthan.
234. Synergistic effects on catalytic conversion of organic pollutants by transition  metal-based high-entropy alloys.
235. Redox-mediated mitochondrial collapse drives intrinsic apoptotic signaling in  ELT3 cells response to apigenin.
236. Risk Analysis of Waiting-List Mortality in Heart Transplantation: A Multicenter  Study in Korea.
237. Outcomes and Predictors of Treatment Response in Patients With Pure Lupus  Membranous Nephropathy.
238. Significant contributions of sea spray aerosol to vertical ClNO(2) formation  over coastal South China.
239. Genetic architecture shared between body shape phenotypes and  preeclampsia-related diseases: a genome-wide cross-trait analysis.
240. Impact of Regional Hepatic Immunosuppression With Budesonide on Bacterial  Elimination in Porcine Abdominal Sepsis.
241. Genetic analyses of leaf traits in an interspecific Zoysia japonica × Zoysia  matrella F(2) population.
242. Living with coeliac disease in unsupportive systems: a qualitative study of  women's free-text narratives.
243. Exploratory profiling of serum small extracellular vesicle-associated miRNAs as  candidate biomarkers for Moyamoya disease.
244. Rapid fate of benzophenone in artificial soil and comprehensive toxicity  assessment in Eisenia fetida.
245. Design of a dual-route acoustic-feature and EfficientNet-B0 spectrogram-based  voice-screening device for Parkinson's disease assessment.
246. Altered Cortical Morphological Brain Networks and Their Diagnostic  Classification Utility in Major Depressive Disorder.
247. Occupational Exposure to Lead Increases Inflammation that Causes Cardiovascular  Disease and Lowers Selenium levels.
248. Self‑supervised evolutionary learning for progression-aware segmentation of  neurodynamic time series during safety‑critical decision making.
249. An underrecognized population in pediatric emergency care: process challenges  for children deprived of liberty.
250. Role of macrophage NLRP3 inflammasome activation in real-ambient particulate  matter-induced abnormal hepatic glucose metabolism.
251. Enhanced degradation and toxicity evaluation of bisphenol A by ZnFe(2)O(4)@CuO  Z-type heterojunction-PMS-visible light system.
252. Predictors of psychological resilience among high-risk professionals: a two-year  follow-up study in Dutch firefighters.
253. Multiomics and artificial intelligence identify infection associated subtypes  and prognostic signatures in hepatocellular carcinoma.
254. Physician's ethical perspectives on research involving terminally ill patients  in Nigeria: A qualitative study.
255. Steatotic liver disease subtypes and risk of hospitalization for sepsis: a  nationwide cohort study.
256. Intravascular lithotripsy for coronary chronic total occlusion: a meta-analysis  of procedural and clinical outcomes.
257. Mitochondrial dynamics and antiviral responses in Atlantic salmon cardiomyocytes  during piscine myocarditis virus infection.
258. Expediting CH(4) combustion process over Ni-Ce composite oxide catalysts via a  modulator-assisted synthesis strategy.
259. Association between gut microbiota composition and liver dysfunction in  school-aged children exposed to triclosan.
260. Single-nucleus RNA-seq and ATAC-seq analyses provide molecular insights into  cadmium-stress response in alfalfa roots.
261. Crystal structure and optical properties of a two-dimensional lead(II) chloride  porous metal halide semiconductor.
262. Microemulsion-embedded hyaluronic acid microneedles improve local triptolide  delivery and anti-arthritic efficacy in rheumatoid arthritis.
263. Frailty status, clinical and functional outcomes in cardiac amyloidosis: a  systematic review and meta-analysis.
264. Rare Rete-Like Collaterals in Congenital Internal Carotid Artery Dysplasia on  Photon-Counting CT and 7T MRI.
265. Distinctly structured social behavior across three rodent strains is associated  with different neural activity patterns.
266. Disulfidptosis in PCOS pathogenesis: Multi-omics identification of LRPPRC as a  diagnostic biomarker and therapeutic target.
267. 6PPD and 6PPD-Q driven phytotoxicity in Eichhornia crassipes: From molecular  damages to ecological potential implications.
268. Erratum: A survey of Brazilian gynecologists' prescribing practices and  attitudes toward testosterone use in women.
269. ACSS2 is required for colorectal cancer progression and a druggable target for  colorectal cancer treatment.
270. Social hierarchy shapes behavioral and transcriptional responses to chronic  stress and ketamine in male mice.
271. Pathways to agricultural carbon sequestration and emission reduction and food  security synergy in Hunan China.
272. A case report of pleomorphic adenoma in a 27-year-old female.
273. Structural basis for the fast maturation of pcStar, a photoconvertible  fluorescent protein. Erratum.
274. Fulminant liver dysfunction after endovascular pharmacomechanical thrombectomy  for peripheral arterial occlusive disease.
275. Non-target screening of toxic contaminants in secondary effluents (from several  sources) using SPE-LC-Orbitrap mass spectrometry.
276. UBE2A as a prognostic indicator across human cancers: Insights from multi‑omics  and immune landscape analyses.
277. Clinical and Cost-Effectiveness of the "UCL Live Well With Parkinson's" Toolkit:  A Randomised Controlled Trial.
278. Nucleus Pulposus Resorption Following a Paraspinal Hook-Needle Intervention for  Lumbar Disc Herniation: A Case Report.
279. A nonlinear association between platelet-to-albumin ratio and one-year all-cause  mortality in acute coronary syndrome patients.
280. Evaluation of a Chronic Kidney Disease e-Phenotype: Identification and  Characterisation by Electronic Health Record Data.
281. Iodine status and thyroid function in children with multiple food allergy: a  prospective cross-sectional study.
282. Virtual reality paired with nitrous oxide for procedural pain in children: a  randomized controlled trial.
283. Nonconjugated Alkyl Chains in Ionic Molecular Rotor Fluorophores: An Effective  Modulating Moiety for Amyloid-β Probes.
284. Microbial activity and hydroxyl radical oxidation combine to induce CO(2)  release from winter biocrusted soils.
285. Stable overexpression of Nup88 enhances HeLa cell migration through independent  regulation of Kif7 and Gli1.
286. Artificial Intelligence-Driven Multimodal Prediction of 10-Year Incident  Glaucoma Integrating Genetic and Deep Learning-Derived Imaging Features.
287. Glycaemic biomarker trends across pre-war and wartime periods in Ukraine,  2021-2024: a repeated cross-sectional study.
288. Host and Helicobacter pylori HtrA protease variants converge on Wnt/β-catenin  signaling to drive stomach adenocarcinoma.
289. Tubifex tubifex reduces antibiotic stress on nitrogen removal in constructed  wetlands by reshaping microbial networks.
290. Neuroblastoma With Opsoclonus-Myoclonus Ataxia Syndrome: A 10-Year Experience  From a Low- and Middle-Income Country Setting.
291. Long-term environmental risk assessment of glufosinate-tolerant GM zoysiagrass  (Zoysia japonica Steud.) on non-target arthropod communities.
292. Compound kushen injection inhibits immune evasion of hepatocellular carcinoma  cells via reducing O-GlcNAcylation of Pd-L1.
293. Listening to children's voices: Psychosocial and behavioral experiences and  identity-related changes during the cancer trajectory.
294. Thermal septotomy complications and management of residual septum visceral  ostial occlusions.
295. Exploring experiences of loneliness among stroke survivors living in the  community: a secondary qualitative analysis.
296. Rigid nanofibril network reinforced Konjac glucomannan-based intelligent  pH-responsive film: enhancement of mechanical and barrier properties.
297. Sulfated galactans from Gracilaria corticata reprogram metabolism, activate  Immunity, promote regeneration, and exhibit anti-melanoma activity.
298. Surface charge engineering shields extracellular vesicles from plasma protein  corona to enable systemic extrahepatic targeting.
299. Exopolysaccharides from Enterococcus faecium alleviate cadmium damage in rice  seedlings via regulating soil-root nitrogen metabolism.
300. Ultimate removal of refractory organics in coking wastewater by integrated  sustainable oxidation and adsorption processes.
301. Compositional profiling of volatile and non-volatile compounds in Australian  cocoa nibs: Insights into origin-dependent variability.
302. Comparative efficacy of various exercise therapies for metabolic syndrome a  systematic review and network meta-analysis.
303. Safety and immunogenicity of an adjuvant-free peptide vaccine targeting IL-17A:  Phase 1 randomized controlled trial.
304. MRI-enabled ferroptosis self-amplifying nanoplatform synergizes with  photothermal therapy to enhance chemotherapeutic efficacy against pancreatic  cancer.
305. Reevaluating glycogen-accumulating organisms as ecological flexors: Mechanistic  insights into glycogen-accumulating organisms-mediated enhancement of phosphorus  enrichment.
306. Cu(2)S-modified iron sludge with high activity and stability for ciprofloxacin  removal in a Fenton-like system.
307. Quantitative soil color dataset for prediction of labile and persistent organic  carbon in Peruvian soils.
308. Being a solo mother without the involvement of a partner: an exploration of  parenting experiences and support needs.
309. Does CVID exist in children? A genetic architecture and manifestation map  derived from 7,525 patients.
310. Adult-Onset BAAT p.Glu401Asp Mutation Linking Intrahepatic Cholestasis of  Pregnancy to FXR-SREBP Dysregulation.
311. Gestational choriocarcinoma following an ectopic pregnancy: A diagnostic dilemma  in low-resource settings.
312. A case of anterior cranial fossa dural arteriovenous fistula concomitant with  moyamoya disease.
313. Retrieval of an entrapped coronary balloon with a novel buddy balloon  push-and-pull technique.
314. Prenatal diagnosis of fetus in fetu with spontaneous movement of the parasitic  twin.
315. Wilkie syndrome combined with nutcracker syndrome presented as syncopal  episodes: A case report.
316. Right-sided infective endocarditis with septic pulmonary emboli and secondary  pneumothorax: A case report.
317. Temperature Safeguards and Peri-Procedural Strategies for Stem Cell Collection  in Cold Agglutinin Disease: A Case Report and Literature Review.
318. Chronic contained rupture of an abdominal aortic aneurysm mimicking a  retroperitoneal mass with hydronephrosis.
319. Rhino-orbital-cerebral mucormycosis with skull base involvement mimicking an  intracranial tumor in an immunocompetent patient.
320. Acute limb ischaemia five years after iliac covered stent placement due to  protruding calcification.
321. A hybrid approach to complex aortoiliac aneurysms for preserving pelvic  perfusion: A technical report.
322. Malignant Brenner tumor of the ovary: radiologic and histopathologic correlation  demonstrating benign-to-malignant transition.
323. A Case of Intussusception Caused by Small Intestinal Metastasis From Primary  Lung Cancer and Literature Review.
324. SpO2/FiO2 ratio: an estimation of PaO2/FiO2 ratio in invasive mechanically  ventilated patients in high altitude areas.
325. Expression of Concern: Chitosan nanoparticle-delivered siRNA reduces CXCR4  expression and sensitizes breast cancer cells to cisplatin.
326. Expression of Concern: Knockdown of MRPL42 suppresses glioma cell proliferation  by inducing cell cycle arrest and apoptosis.
327. Point-of-care CAR-T cell manufacturing as a path to equity in cancer  immunotherapy in a middle-income country.
328. Response to Bradshaw et al "Suzetrigine for Acute Pain in the Emergency  Department: A First-in-Class NaV1.8 Blocker.".
329. Substance use and mental health outcomes among gay and bisexual men in South  Korea: a cross-sectional study.
330. One Health implementation for rabies elimination in India by 2030: Progress,  governance, challenges, and policy alignment.
331. Retraction: IL-1β/HMGB1 signalling promotes the inflammatory cytokines release  via TLR signalling in human intervertebral disc cells.
332. M2‑TAM‑derived exosomal miR‑491‑3p modulates UBE2D3 and promotes the  proliferation, migration and invasion of lung cancer cells.
333. Systemic antibody responses against bacterial and viral antigens associate with  fatigue in patients with inflammatory bowel disease.
334. Subcutaneous Sacrococcygeal Lipoma in a 7 Months Old Female Mimicking  Myelomeningocele and Sacrococcygeal Teratoma, A Case Report.
335. The ProTrieve Sheath funnel captures embolized filter fragments during complex  inferior vena cava filter removal.
336. Endovascular management of innominate artery cannulation at the  carotid-subclavian bifurcation using a kissing stent technique.
337. Phosphorus capture from subsurface drainage water using iron-activated alumina  (Alcan): Column adsorption, regeneration, and agronomic reuse evaluation.
338. Gallic acid enhanced Cu(II)/H(2)O(2) system for efficient degradation of  naproxen: Insights into redox cycling and radical generation.
339. Diagnostic yield and variant spectrum of whole-exome sequencing in Iranian  probands with congenital and early-onset ocular disorders.
340. Biological sex and its influence on delirium in adult ICU patients: a  single-centre retrospective cohort study.
341. Effect of dapagliflozin on mineral homeostasis in patients with type 2 diabetes:  A real-world retrospective cohort study.
342. Heart Failure sub-phenotyping and in-hospital and 28-day mortality prediction  based on mean arterial pressure trajectory modeling.
343. Diffuse and regionally structured domestication of the common fig (Ficus carica  L.) in the Mediterranean Basin.
344. Structure-guided computational design of DNA tweezers for predicted recognition  of the primary glioblastoma biomarkers S100A4 and midkine.
345. The age-group difference in psychological motivations for penile girth  enhancement surgery in Chinese men: a cross-sectional study.
346. Predictive Modeling of the Need for Tracheostomy after Traumatic Cervical Spinal  Cord Injury Using Machine Learning.
347. Environmental-dose chlorpyrifos disrupts gut microbiota and microbial metabolite  profiles: An indirect mechanism promoting breast tumor growth.
348. Organic-inorganic amendment efficiently immobilizes soil heavy metals by  synergistically regulating physicochemical properties and microbial ecological  networks.
349. Clinical Application Value of Ceramide and Sphingomyelin as Biomarkers for the  Diagnosis of Drug-induced Liver Injury.
350. Neurophysiological Correlates of Neuroanatomical Dimensions in Major Depressive  Disorder: Electroencephalographic Markers of Brain Function and Treatment  Outcome.
351. Desire to Weigh Less and Unhealthy Weight Control Behaviors Among U.S. Adults:  Evidence From NHANES 2017-2018.
352. The chromosome-level genomes of two Macaranga species provide insights into the  molecular mechanism of nervonic acid accumulation.
353. Is capsular repair necessary in direct anterior total hip arthroplasty? Clinical  outcomes from an Indian retrospective series.
354. Molecular-level insights into the disinfection by-product precursor removal by  biological activated carbon process using FT-ICR MS.
355. Multiscale mechanisms of clogging mitigation and nitrogen removal enhancement in  constructed wetlands by alternating current electric field.
356. Cutaneous perforator mapping and ink-based perfusion assessment in an ovine  model: An anatomical study and systematic review.
357. Identifying clinical and lifestyle factor mediators of the association between  socioeconomic status and colorectal cancer mortality.
358. From organic waste compost to stable foams: pH-shifting and calcium ion synergy  modulating protein interfacial behavior.
359. Preliminary contamination assessment of rare earth elements (REEs) and  radioactivity in soil from Phuket Island, Thailand.
360. Odour concentrations prediction for the rubber industry based on the key odorous  substances screening and machine learning.
361. Fetal growth restriction is associated with increased mechanical dyssynchrony  and right-ventricular remodeling: a 2D speckle-tracking analysis.
362. Early social gaze fixation and later inattention and hyperactivity-impulsivity  symptoms in children: A longitudinal population-based cohort study.
363. Pregnancy adverse events with immune checkpoint inhibitors in monotherapy and  combination therapy in cancer: a disproportionality analysis.
364. Unraveling the Genetic Basis of Self-Harm Phenotypes: New Perspectives on Its  Links to Depression and Chronic Pain.
365. Molecular detection of shared pathogens in red foxes (Vulpes vulpes) from  farming habitats in northwestern Spain.
366. Evaluating the implementation of a clinical decision support system for  substance use disorder screening in maternal healthcare.
367. A standardized manual goniometry protocol to quantify joint range of motion in  women with rheumatoid arthritis.
368. Severe primary organ-related complications in patients with de novo metastatic  cancer: implications for prophylactic local therapy.
369. Association between indirect calorimetry parameters and cardiovascular events: a  cross-sectional analysis based on MASHAD cohort study.
370. Occurrence of microplastics in farmland around non-ferrous metals sulfide mining  areas: Characteristics changes caused by sulfide minerals.
371. High-efficiency 4-CP removal by CuFe₂S₃/H₂O₂ Fenton-like system: Unraveling the  role of sulfur vacancies in H₂O₂ activation.
372. Passive surveillance of adverse events following immunization for National  Immunization Program vaccines in Shenyang, China, 2009-2024.
373. Point cloud dataset of mature pecan trees (Carya illinoinensis) obtained with a  low-cost mobile terrestrial LiDAR.
374. An address-based geospatial linkage workflow for assigning New Zealand Index of  Deprivation measures across census years, 1991-2023.
375. Injectable polysaccharide hydrogel microspheres integrated with BPNS-ZnO  nanocomposites restore redox homeostasis and protect cartilage in  osteoarthritis.
376. Titanium white waste acid-mediated dealkalization and soil-like substrate  construction from bauxite residue: Mechanisms and ecological benefits.
377. Hydrazine-enhanced Anammox and microbial compartmentalization in a single-stage  partial nitritation/anammox reactor treating low C/N municipal wastewater.
378. The complex nature of agency attribution: Neurophysiological signatures  associated to monitoring self vs. external erroneous actions.
379. NIR-II-activated supramolecular LDH nanoarchitecture integrated with 3D-printed  bioactive glass for hypoxia-resistant photodynamic osteosarcoma therapy and bone  regeneration.
380. An oxidation process of tetracycline with low products toxicity by Fe  single-atom peroxydisulfate activator from microalgae.
381. Charged agar surfaces affect E. coli biofilm properties, inducing a trade-off  between curli amyloid quantity and quality.
382. Phage depolymerase modulates virulence and biofilm in hypervirulent Klebsiella  pneumoniae by CPS-mediated suppression of type 3 fimbriae.
383. A UMAT-UDSM interface for integrating Plaxis user soil models into Abaqus:  application to the hardening soil model.
384. [Retracted] Emodin promotes the arrest of human lymphoma Raji cell proliferation  through the UHRF1‑DNMT3A‑∆Np73 pathways.
385. Comparison of lifestyle, surgery, and semaglutide for weight management in  endometrial cancer: a prospective observational study.
386. Building trust in a suspicious network: findings from a one-year digital  ethnography of five online sperm donation platforms.
387. A Novel Entity of Renal Toxicity After Combination Chemotherapy: An  Onco-Nephrology Kidney Biopsy Teaching Case.
388. Calcified liver metastases from medullary thyroid carcinoma in a Multiple  Endocrine Neoplasia Type 2A patient.
389. Catheter Ablation Outcomes in Electrical Storm Versus Non-Electrical Storm  Ventricular Tachycardia: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
390. Associations of prenatal exposure to air pollution with fetal growth  trajectories phenotype in a cohort study: Implications for child  neurodevelopment.
391. Construction of an efficient delivery system for raspberry anthocyanins:  preparation and stability evaluation of whey protein isolate-gum Arabic  nanoparticles.
392. Evaluation of an emotion regulation and healthy lifestyle program (HealthTRAC)  for adolescents with obesity: a randomized controlled trial protocol.
393. Molecular mechanisms of phytochemicals from Zanthoxylum nitidum (Roxb.) DC.  against hepatocellular carcinoma: insights from network pharmacology, molecular  docking, and bioinformatics.
394. Urostomy-associated stomal variceal hemorrhage secondary to portal hypertension:  A case report and interventional radiology-guided management.
395. Pediatric reference intervals for 27 routine chemistry analytes in healthy  children and adolescents on the Roche cobas pro platform.
396. Improving Hepatitis A Vaccination Rates in Cirrhotic and HIV+ Patients: A  Quality Improvement Initiative at an Academic Center.
397. Atmospheric nitrogen deposition in the northwestern Pacific and its responses to  changes of anthropogenic emissions in East Asia.
398. Divergent phytoaccumulation mechanisms of vanadium and cadmium by native plants  in a 51-year-restored legacy vanadium-titanium magnetite tailings pond.
399. TPD54 contributes to docetaxel resistance through modulation of P‑glycoprotein  localization and activity in oral squamous cell carcinoma cells.
400. Peripheral microvascular function and long-term cardiovascular outcomes after  percutaneous coronary intervention in patients with obstructive coronary artery  disease.
401. Short-Chain Fatty Acids Ameliorates Lipid Profile, Oxidative Stress and  Inflammation in Letrozole Induced Polycystic Ovary Syndrome Rat Model.
402. Emerging proglacial lake constraints on mercury transport and transform patterns  in glacial meltwater runoff on China's Tibetan plateau.
403. Gas-phase reactions accelerate nitrate formation in spring and early summer in a  megacity of the Sichuan Basin, China.
404. Spatiotemporal patterns and environmental controls of dissolved carbon and  water-air CO₂ fluxes in Southwest China's alpine canyon rivers.
405. Dual-action nano-agents: Optimizing Mn:Zn co-doped synergy in nickel oxide for  rapid photocatalytic dye neutralization and enhanced bacterial suppression.
406. Health-related quality of life and financial inclusion in Ghana's Savannah  region: examining the moderating role of health literacy.
407. Characterization and source apportionment of particulate matter and CO(2) in  Chinese subway stations with varying platform screen door forms.
408. Use of a Novel, Digital Note-Taking Application to Enhance the Learning of  Lower-Limb Anatomy Amongst Podiatry Students: A Qualitative Evaluation.
409. Coming to terms with the need for home care: a reflexive thematic analysis of  older adults' experiences in Sweden.
410. Reconceptualising Universal Health Coverage (UHC) for global distributive  justice: The case of the Drugs for Neglected Diseases initiative.
411. Reweighting estimators for density response in path integral Monte Carlo:  Applications to linear, nonlinear, and cross-species density response.
412. The Mediating Effect of Body Mass Index on the Association Between Problematic  Social Media Use and Body Dysmorphic Concerns: A Cross-Sectional Study Among  Young Lebanese Adults.
413. miR-30b-5p Promotes Medulloblastoma Cell Proliferation by Regulating Stem Cell  Factors NANOG, BMI1, Tumor Suppressor Gene P53 and the Shh-Gli1 Pathway.
414. Enhanced wastewater treatment via a hybrid biofilm carrier: Sulfidized nano  zero-valent iron-loaded polyurethane foam for synergistic nutrients and organics  removal.
415. A xenogeneic developmental matrix hydrogel with MnO(2)-gallic acid enables  spatiotemporal immunometabolic reprogramming and endochondral bone repair in  steroid-associated osteonecrosis.
416. Sleep quality after endovenous ablation with concomitant phlebectomy in patients  with chronic venous disease: A prospective observational study in Vietnam.
417. Synergistic control of greenhouse gases and air pollutants in the Greater Bay  Area, China: Regional, sectoral and supply chain pathways.
418. Palonosetron-loaded binary ethosome-incorporated transdermal gel: Formulation  optimization, in vitro/in vivo evaluation, and therapeutic efficacy in  chemotherapy-induced nausea and vomiting.
419. MicroRNA-21-3p regulation of NADPH oxidase 4 and vascular endothelial growth  factor A contributes to hemorrhage in cerebral cavernous malformations.
420. Dietitians' Perceptions of the Obesity Care Pathway: Qualitative Insights on  Access, Follow-Up, and Referral of Patients Living With Obesity.
421. Targeted muscle reinnervation surgery modulates apoptosis and synaptic  plasticity to improve motor function following tibial nerve injury in rats.
422. Association between hyperchloremia and outcomes of children admitted to the  pediatric intensive care unit (PICU) with diabetic ketoacidosis (DKA).
423. "From Exhaustion to Invigoration": a mixed-methods study exploring the role of a  community in supporting resilience of pediatric education leaders.
424. Unveiling the characteristics of volatile organic compounds in east China's  chemical industry: Insights into liquid loading and unloading dynamics.
425. Prenatal exposure to polystyrene nanoplastics caused testicular development  toxicities and relative mechanisms in male offspring mice from embryo to  adulthood.
426. Release and bacterial transformation activity of plasmid-borne antibiotic  resistance genes adsorbed on iron nanoparticles as induced by sulfide reduction.
427. Phytochemical-assisted synthesis of TiO(2)/graphene oxide nanocomposite using  Syzygium cumini for enhanced photocatalytic degradation of organic pollutants in  aqueous systems.
428. Assessment of the paths for pollution and carbon reduction in thermal power  plants and their impact on enterprise development.
429. Unravelling the relationship between exercise-induced affective responses and  daily physical activity in people with chronic diseases: Spillover or  confounding effect?
430. Measuring the health benefits and costs of antimicrobial-resistant gonorrhea  surveillance in the United States: an agent-based model and cost-effectiveness  analysis.
431. Optimization of implant selection and positioning for reverse total shoulder  arthroplasty using three-dimensional computed tomography-guided simulation  software with scapulothoracic motion.
432. Integrative machine learning and multi-omics identify a centromere gene  signature and validate B3GALT4 as a tumor suppressor in osteosarcoma.
433. Serum-Based Biomarker Panels are Crucial Tools for the Early Detection of Lung  Cancer in High-Risk Individuals in North Indian Population.
434. Synergistic nanotoxicology: Mitochondrial ROS-driven mitochondrial damage and  oxidative stress underlie polylactic acid nanoplastics and silica  nanoparticle-induced testicular dysfunction.
435. Enhanced methane combustion performance and stability of the supported Pd  nanoparticles by constructing the ordered mesoporous Co(3)O(4)-CeO(2)  interfaces.
436. Regular intake of caffeinated but not decaffeinated coffee attenuates behavioral  modifications in mice subject to chronic unpredictable stress.
437. Size- and polymer-dependent toxicity of microplastics on Achromobacter-mediated  polychlorinated biphenyl biodegradation: Gene suppression, oxidative stress, and  morphological responses.
438. Longitudinal in vivo imaging reveals asynchronous, incomplete Nipah virus  clearance with prolonged focal CNS involvement in IFNAR(-/-) mice.
439. Correction to "Leveraging the Positive Deviance Approach to Drive Behavior  Change in Noncommunicable Diseases: A Scoping Review".
440. Assessment of Salvinia molesta for phytoremediation potential of copper and lead  in contaminated water: Their impact on morpho-physio-cytological status.
441. Exposure of dairy goat mammary epithelial cells to bis(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate  induces oxidative stress and alters gene/protein expression, posing health  risks.
442. Omega-3 rich Rastrelliger kanagurta fish oil attenuates IL-6 and MMP-9  expression and preserves joint integrity in rheumatoid arthritis-induced rats.
443. Health belief model-based predictors of preventive Behaviors related to cooking  fume exposure among institutional foodservice workers in South Korea.
444. Identification of OncoMir Biomarkers: Comprehensive Analysis of Fatty Acid  Pathway Genes in Colorectal Cancer Progression and Their Prognostic  Implications.
445. A novel pyrimidine-guanidine derivative YYH-6 confers tomato resistance to TYLCV  via multitarget regulation of host defense genes and proteins.
446. Retraction Statement: Relation between Helicobacter pylori infection and severe  pre-eclampsia complicated by intrauterine growth restriction in a rural area in  Egypt.
447. Exosome-like nanoparticles derived from Astragali Radix-Curcumae Rhizoma  co-decoction enhance oral bioavailability and provide synergistic efficacy and  reduced toxicity in combination with 5-fluorouracil for lung cancer therapy.
448. A gas exchange derived pulmonary capacitance to peak oxygen uptake slope  threshold did not validate as a marker of early postoperative morbidity.
449. Comparative validation of LC-MS, micro-bioassay, and ELISA for lincomycin  quantification: application to pharmacokinetic analysis in healthy and  co-infected porcine models.
450. FORM-TRACE: A formula-based method for tracking forest-management transitions at  Harvard Forest from 1908 to 2026.
451. Single- and dual-target CAR-T cells targeting HBsAg and GPC3 to balance safety  and antitumor efficacy in HBV-positive hepatocellular carcinoma.
452. Limited Interchangeability of Cochlear Tuning Estimates Across Fast  Psychophysical Tuning Curve, Distortion-Product Otoacoustic-Emission Level-Ratio  Function, and Stimulus-Frequency Otoacoustic Emission-Phase Methods at 2 to 8  kHz.
453. Posterior Lumbar Fusion Is Being Performed for Patients of Increasing  Comorbidity Burden Over the Years, but Adverse Events Are Not Going Up.
454. Association of MT1A rs11640851, rs8052394 and rs11076161 Polymorphisms with the  Risk of Developing Breast Cancer: A Haplotype-Based Case-Control Study and in  Silico Analysis.
455. Evaluation of betanin as a multi-target therapeutic agent against diabetic  kidney disease, peripheral neuropathy, and dyslipidaemia in a rodent model of  type 2 diabetes.
456. Developing an integrated medication event monitoring system and smartphone-based  ecological momentary assessment delivery platform to identify real-time factors  influencing TB treatment adherence in South Africa.
457. Trajectories of self-care and task execution abilities among older patients with  chronic heart failure following a nurse-led intervention: A longitudinal  mixed-effects analysis.
458. Aortic remodeling after thoracic endovascular aortic repair and Provisional  ExTension To Induce COmplete ATtachment to treat complicated type B aortic  dissection.
459. Enhanced prediction of coronary heart disease risk in diabetic patients via  Machine learning incorporating multiple inflammatory and metabolic indices: A  study with Dual-Cohort validation.
460. Therapeutic Plasma Exchange as a Bridge to Spontaneous Recovery in Pediatric  Acute Liver Failure in a Resource-Limited Setting: A Prospective Single-Center  Experience in Morocco.
461. ACEF score and its predictive performance in coronary artery disease patients  undergoing PCI: a systematic review and meta-analysis of the C-statistic.
462. Assessment of Oxidative Stress Levels in Women with Different Phenotypes of  Polycystic Ovary Syndrome and its Correlation with Lipid and Hormonal Profile.
463. Monte Carlo simulations of NMR high-field T2 relaxation induced by  superparamagnetic iron oxide nanoparticles coated with a layer with slowed water  diffusion.
464. Key factors associated with the development of childbirth-related acute and  posttraumatic stress symptoms: a prospective cohort study on the role of  pain-related constructs.
465. Integrated Analysis of Gut Microbiota and Bile Acid Metabolism Reveals a  Distinct Pro-fibrotic Profile in Non-obese Patients With Nonalcoholic Fatty  Liver Disease.
466. The β1 adrenoceptor (AR) blocker metoprolol normalises βAR cascade and caveolar  protein expression and restores β1AR responsiveness in failing right ventricular  myocytes.
467. Higher Incidence of Anemia and Clinical Utility of Indices of Iron Homeostasis  in Newly Diagnosed Breast Cancer Patients: A Cross-Sectional Study from a  Regional Oncology Centre of South India.
468. 'Finding Solid Ground' in inpatient treatment for dissociative disorder patients  followed by transition to outpatient treatment settings: a one-year follow-up  pilot study.
469. Associations of NLR, MLR, and (neutrophil + monocyte)/lymphocyte ratio with  30-day mortality in diabetic ICU patients with heart failure: A retrospective  cohort study.
470. Sanyang Xuedai enhances radiosensitivity in human non-small cell lung cancer  cells through the activation of TLR2 to increase iNOS/NO production-mediated  autophagy.
471. Effects of muscle warm-up phases on proprioception, vertical jump, agility, and  balance in elite adolescent soccer players: a repeated-measures experimental  study.
472. Prevention is better than cure: Awareness and acceptance of the HPV vaccine for  condyloma acuminata (CA) among college students who self-report no sexual  experience.
473. Auditory Hallucination Simulation and Mental Health Stigma Among Nursing  Students: How Clinical Practicum Experience Differentiates the Predictive  Contributions of Knowledge, Attitudes, and Behaviours.
474. Patient and clinician acceptability of an integrated physiotherapy and nutrition  intervention after ICU discharge: a qualitative exploration of a pre-specified  co-primary feasibility outcome of the PHOENIX trial.
475. Bitter hop nutraceutical stimulates fat mass loss while preserving muscle mass  in a cohort of individuals with overweight or obesity receiving diet and  exercise advice.
476. Incidence, survival, and prevalence trends for myocardial infarction, stroke,  hip fracture, and cancer across Swedish birth cohorts: a population-based  register study.
477. Partial substitution of organic trace minerals in sow diets over multiple  parities and the impact on claw health, productivity, and longevity.
478. Comparative efficacy and safety of direct oral anticoagulants versus warfarin in  non-valvular atrial fibrillation patients with adult congenital heart disease.  Contemporary real-world propensity-matched retrospective cohort study.
479. The burden of noncommunicable and injury-related nervous system disorders in the  Americas, 1990-2023: an analysis of the Global Burden of Disease Study 2023.
480. Psychometric evaluation of the 28-item coping orientation to problems  experienced inventory (Brief COPE) amongst parents of preschool children from  low-income backgrounds.
481. [Expression of Concern] Exposure to acoustic stimuli promotes the development  and differentiation of neural stem cells from the cochlear nuclei through the  clusterin pathway.
482. Jejunal mucosal immune response in goats ten months after Mycobacterium avium  subsp. paratuberculosis challenge is primarily determined by lesion severity  rather than vaccination route.
483. Optimizing the rice wine process of P olygonatum sibiricum Red. using response  surface methodology (RSM) and back-propagation (BP) neural network to enhance  biological activity and reduce 5-hydroxymethylfurfural (5-HMF).
484. Age-sex-specific risk and burden of fall injury incidence associated with  ambient temperature in China: A case-crossover study with 4.19 million cases.
485. Chromosome-scale assembly of the elite Coptis chinensis cultivar 'Chulian No. 1'  and decoding of fine clonal variations using geospatial-genomic machine learning  to facilitate medicinal plant breeding.
486. Alleviating effects of Lactobacillus rhamnosus on microcystin-LR-induced  hepatotoxicity in zebrafish through regulation of intestinal metabolism:  Insights into the gut-liver axis and hypothalamic-pituitary-thyroid axis.
487. Causal mediation analysis of contact with COVID-19 patients and burnout syndrome  in physiotherapists in Japan: secondary analysis of a multicentre observational  study.
488. A survey of primary care physicians' views on supporting patients who lose  insurance coverage for Glucagon-Like Peptide-1-based drugs for weight  management.
489. [Corrigendum] Influence of doxorubicin on apoptosis and oxidative stress in  breast cancer cell lines.
490. A challenging case of ASMD (acid sphingomyelinase deficiency): A severe  interstitial lung disorder in an asplenic patient.
491. Likelihood of a Novel Pathogenic LDLR Mutant Allele Inherited Preferentially  within an Indian Family with Familial Hypercholesterolemia.
492. Obstructive lower urinary tract symptoms due to ball valve effect of a rare  bladder tumor in an adolescent male.
493. Strengthening Ebola virus disease preparedness in Somalia: Lessons from the 2026  Eastern DRC outbreak for early warning and rapid response.
494. Multimodal imaging of infantile scimitar syndrome with Eisenmenger physiology: A  case report of complex intracardiac and extracardiac shunts.
495. [Long-term survival achieved with benmelstobart plus anlotinib in a patient with  advanced clear cell renal cell carcinoma: A case report].
496. Adult presentation of cor triatriatum sinister with anomalous coronary venous  drainage into the left atrium: A rare congenital abnormality.
497. Erratum: Consequences of the Novel ALS-Associated KIF5A Variant c.2993-6C>A for  Exon 27 Splicing and Axonal Transport of SFPQ.
498. Erratum to "Randomized Clinical Trial of Imagery Stabilization and Rescripting  Therapy for Psychiatric Outpatients with Posttraumatic Stress Disorder" by Kim  D, et al. (Yonsei Med J 2026;67(5):408-418).
499. Active Safety Surveillance Using Real-World Evidence (ASSURE) Implementation:  Transparent and Reproducible Real-World Evidence Standardized Framework to  Support Safety Signal Evaluation.
500. Bereavement Interventions for Children and Adolescents: An Evidence and Gap Map  of Primary Studies and Systematic Reviews.
501. Biallelic SCO2 Variants Presenting as Motor-Predominant Axonal Neuropathy With  Complex IV Deficiency.
502. [Cystic lymphangioma of the penis in an adult: A case report].
503. [Long-term evolution, effect analysis and future trend of the burden of  gastritis and duodenitis in China: An analysis based on GBD 2023].
504. [Expression characteristics and clinical significance of ERBB2 in bladder  urothelial carcinoma based on the TCGA database].
505. [Development of a 36-gene signature for predicting recurrence in  non-muscle-invasive bladder cancer and validation in a Chinese cohort].
506. [Feasibility and clinical value of a prostate cancer screening model based on  biparametric magnetic resonance imaging combined with prostate-specific antigen  in a Chinese population].
507. [A multi-level study of androgen deprivation therapy on the immune  microenvironment in prostate cancer].
508. [Analysis of endoscopic surgical strategies for duplex kidney and ureteral  malformation complicated with upper urinary tract calculi].
509. [Preliminary clinical experience of domestic robot-assisted laparoscopic radical  nephrectomy with venous tumor thrombectomy].
510. [Current status of prostate cancer screening research].
511. [Clinical application progress, hot topics, controversies and future prospects  of segmental metallic ureteral stents].
512. On the Statistical Limitations of Landmark Analysis for Addressing Immortal Time  Bias.
513. World Endoscopy Organization Position Statements for the Role of Endoscopy on  the Diagnosis and Treatment of Superficial Non-Ampullary Duodenal Epithelial  Tumors.
514. Aminopeptidase Inhibition in Drug-Resistant Plasmodium falciparum: Structural,  Functional, and Pharmacological Rationale for Targeting PfA-M1 and PfA-M17.
515. Underutilization of osteoporosis screening in eligible men: Analysis of the U.S.  national ambulatory medical care survey.
516. Capsular polysaccharides of the human gut microbiota: Structural diversity,  functional plasticity, and roles in host-microbe mutualism.
517. Multifunctional Janus bamboo-derived aerogel with asymmetric surface wettability  for efficient oil-water separation and heavy metal ion removal.
518. Structure characterization and multi-target inhibitory activities of fucosylated  chondroitin sulfate from sea cucumber Thelenota anax.
519. Type II cellulose nanocrystal photonic films enabling high-dissymmetry  left-handed circularly polarized luminescence through photonic bandgap effects.
520. Water-resistant electroluminescent devices with temperature tolerance and  mechanical cyclic stability based on hydrophobic nanocellulose.
521. Glycopolymers as emerging modulators of Amyloid-β aggregation:  structure-activity relationships and therapeutic potential.
522. An injectable thiolated alginate/oxidized dextran hydrogel with curcumin-copper  nanoparticles for corneal neovascularization after alkali burn.
523. Deciphering the distribution of starch granule-associated proteins within maize  and potato starch granules by α-amylase hydrolysis.
524. Preparation of amine-grafted spherical silica/cellulose aerogels and  investigation of their carbon dioxide adsorption performance.
525. Effects of starch degradation and starch-lipid complexes recombination on starch  digestion under cold plasma regulation.
526. A novel phosphorylated chitin-hydroxyapatite composite promotes angiogenesis and  osteogenesis for bone defect repair.
527. Chiral nematic cellulose nanocrystalline-based composites: Construction,  regulation and application toward environmental intelligent detection.
528. Sustainable ambient-dried cellulose xerogels enabled by bio-based ammonium  phytate as a dual-functional crosslinker and flame retardant.
529. Mango peel pectin as a high-ester emulsifier for carotenoid delivery: Structural  characterization and application in low-fat ice cream.
530. Expression of concern: "Enhanced cell proliferation by electrical stimulation  based on electroactive regenerated bacterial cellulose hydrogels" [Carbohydrate  Polymers 249 (2020) 116829].
531. Corrigendum to "A dual-pH-responsive smart starch film with antibacterial and  controlled-release functions constructed from tannic acid‑copper nanoparticles  for strawberry preservation" [Carbohydrate Polymers 373 (2025) 124588].
532. SfIML-1 interacts with integrin β5 to mediate fungal conidial adhesion and  immune activation in Spodoptera frugiperda.
533. Cell autophagy promotes nucleopolyhedrovirus infection in the fall armyworm.
534. Emerging dactylellinatone attractant aids in the predation of nematodes by  nematode-trapping fungus Dactylellina haptotyla.
535. High-throughput pesticide toxicity assessment in Black Soldier Fly (Hermetia  illucens) by behavioral phenomics.
536. The effects of dsRNases on RNA interference efficiency in insects and future  research directions.
537. Non-target-site resistance to Clodinafop-Propargyl in Polypogon fugax involving  PfCYP76P15.
538. From isolation to application: Characterization of Talaromyces purpureogenus TS  as a biocontrol agent against Verticillium wilt.
539. Biocontrol mechanism of Streptomyces sp. MEPF0303 against Sclerotium delphinii  causing Dendrobium officinale southern blight revealed by multi-omics analysis.
540. 4-(Diethylamino)salicylaldehyde exerts nematicidal activity against Ditylenchus  destructor via PDH-targeted multi-pathway synergistic mechanism.
541. Pirimicarb exposure disrupts gut microbiome composition in honey bees (Apis  mellifera L.): Seasonal differences and impaired colony recovery.
542. PxTret1-mediated trehalose transport regulates development and reproduction in  Plutella xylostella with implications for Cry1Ac tolerance.
543. Low concentrations of chlorfenapyr disrupts energy metabolism and endocrine  homeostasis, leading to reproductive suppression and transgenerational effects  in Conogethes punctiferalis.
544. Discovery and exploration of lignans from Dendrobiun chrysotoxum as new  botanical insecticides against Acyrthosiphon pisum and Bursaphelenchus  xylophilus.
545. Mode of action of Bacillus velezensis BVFA21 and its key metabolite  4-methoxybenzoic acid against Fusarium proliferatum.
546. From midgut targets to genomic surveillance: Mechanism-informed diagnostics of  resistance to Bt crops.
547. Bisphenol A exposure strengthen the tolerance to chitin synthesis inhibitors by  targeting estrogen-related receptor in Aedes albopictus.
548. SURVIVAL ON THE MARGINS: NICHE PARTITIONING AND DENSITY-DEPENDENT SPATIAL  DISTRIBUTION OF EQUINE CYATHOSTOMINS.
549. On repeating out-of-control quality control measurements in medical  laboratories.
550. Laboratory medicine 2050: from testing to health intelligence network, a vision  from the IFCC Emerging Technologies Division.
551. Front and Back Matter.
552. Conserved Polymorphism, Fossils, and the Macroevolutionary Reach of  Microevolution.
553. Geographic Divergence in the Mechanisms Underlying Physiological Plasticity:  Implications for Responses to Environmental Change.
554. Effects of Herbivore-Induced Plant Volatiles on Behaviors and Reproduction in a  Common Songbird.
555. Engineering copper ferrite (CuFe(2)O(4)) nanocomposites for enhanced  eco-friendly photocatalysis: a systematic critical review on mechanisms,  performance, and environmental applications.
556. Efficacy Measures Used in Alzheimer Disease Clinical Trials Between 2015 and  2025: A Systematic Review.
557. Extending IV Thrombolysis Time Window to 24 Hours: Is It Prime Time?
558. Zoledronic acid produces analgesia by inhibiting the transient receptor  potential vanilloid 1 (TRPV1) channel.
559. Dopamine transporter gene (SLC6A3) polymorphism rs2963257 and chronic pain  susceptibility in a Japanese population.
560. Prevalence of HER2 overexpression in gastric adenocarcinoma and its  clinicopathological correlation: a prospective study from Bir Hospital, Nepal.
561. Post-surgical functional outcomes in patients exhibiting different topographical  variants of Lumber epidural varicose veins: a retrospective analysis.
562. Divergent Atrial Transcriptomic Signatures in Diabetic and Nondiabetic Atrial  Fibrillation.
563. Genetically Engineered Probiotic Nanoplatform for Ultrasound-Enhanced Colorectal  Cancer Therapy via Targeted Delivery, Immune Modulation, and Anti-Angiogenesis.
564. Simple and efficient HPLC-MS/MS method for simultaneous extraction and  quantification of anthelmintics in equine manure.
565. Therapeutic resistance in cancer: lncRNAs as modulators and targets for cancer  therapy.
566. [Expression of Concern] Long non-coding RNA OIP5-AS1 promotes the progression of  esophageal cancer by regulating miR-30a/VOPP1 expression.
567. Targeting the NAT1-ENO1-Lactate Axis Destabilizes PD-L1 to Reinvigorate  Antitumor Immunity in Colorectal Cancer.
568. A bioinformatics analysis of KIF transcriptomic subtyping reveals prognostic  heterogeneity and differential therapeutic responses in cervical cancer.
569. Adoption of MRI-guided Prostate Cancer Diagnostics and Surgical Outcomes: A  Prospective Multicenter Registry Study.
570. Moran's I-driven habitat radiomics: A biologically plausible and temporally  robust approach for risk stratification of lung adenocarcinoma invasiveness.
571. Unveiling the unexpected: Skeletal sarcoidosis with an extraosseous soft-tissue  mass in the ligamentous portion of sacroiliac joint.
572. Multiparametric Magnetic Resonance Imaging Without Artificial Erection for  Preoperative Staging of Primary Penile Carcinoma.
573. Risk Factors for Cardiovascular Disease: Epidemiology, Screening, Prevention,  and Therapeutic Interventions.
574. SynBioGPT2: A dynamic reasoning framework enables high-fidelity design of  microbial cell factories.
575. Secondary polycythemia as a rare cause of ischemic stroke: A case report.
576. Technical and anatomical considerations in aortic stent graft infolding  following thoracic endovascular aortic repair.
577. Roles of V-domain Ig suppressor of T-cell activation-mediated immunoregulation  in tumor immune escape (Review).
578. Expanding the Scope of Prompt Engineering Training for Information Specialists  in Evidence Synthesis.
579. Systematic review of amino acid profiles among COVID-19 patients caused by  SARS-CoV-2.
580. Periodic limb movements of sleep: A comparison of REM and NREM.
581. Stochastic threshold dynamics of an HIV model with latent cell activation under  mean-reverting environmental noise.
582. RAD51 in Breast Cancer: From Vulnerability to Resistance.
583. Spatial Immune Remodeling Across the Gallbladder Carcinogenesis Spectrum: A  Multicenter Digital Pathology Study.
584. Divergent Prognostic Impact of Histopathological Features and Combined  Hematological-Biochemical Indices in Rectal Versus Colorectal Cancer: A  Single-Center Study.
585. Marked Hypervitaminemia B12 Associated With Previously Unrecognized  Alcohol-Related Cirrhosis Revealed During Alcohol Withdrawal.
586. Human Epidermal Growth Factor Receptor 2 Negative, Low, and Overexpression in  Breast Cancer Patients: Study on Recurrence-Free and Overall Survival.
587. The Association Between Potential Nuclear Factor-Kappa B1 Gene Polymorphism  rs28362491 and miR-206 Level in Patients With Acute Lymphoblastic Leukemia.
588. Integrated Transcriptomic Analysis Identifies Potential Biomarkers in  Castration-Resistant Prostate Cancer.
589. Triple-Negative Inflammatory Metaplastic Breast Cancer Presenting as a Non-Mass  Lesion.
590. Aggressive Primary Sacral Non-Hodgkin Lymphoma Associated With Systemic Lupus  Erythematosus.
591. Effects of Enhanced Gaming Elements in Virtual Gaming Simulation on Learning  Outcomes.
592. Are redo urethroplasties prone to failure? Objective success rates and patient  satisfac-tion in recurrent urethral stricture repair.
593. HUWE1 targets mitochondria via RMC1 to promote neurodevelopment.
594. The multilayered cuticle underlying structural coloration in red algae shares  features with the metazoan extracellular matrix.
595. Structural and mechanistic basis for membrane recognition and activation of the  vacuolar lipase Atg15.
596. Socioeconomic disadvantage accounts for most of the early childhood development  gap among children of adolescent mothers: A cross-national analysis of 15 Latin  American and Caribbean countries.
597. Imaging of Cerebrospinal Fluid Shunts and Their Complications.
598. Imaging of Deep Endometriosis Involving Lateral Pelvic Structures.
599. General Anesthetic Management for Laparoscopic Appendectomy in a Patient With  Myotonia Congenita: A Case Report.
600. A Competency-Based Evaluation Checklist for the Pericapsular Nerve Group (PENG)  Block: A Delphi Study.
601. Substance Misuse and Drug Diversion in Anesthesiology: Impact of a National  Educational Intervention for Nurse Anesthesia Residents and Support People.
602. A Prospective Randomized Comparative Study of Hyperbaric Ropivacaine vs.  Hyperbaric Bupivacaine in Spinal Anesthesia for Elective Infraumbilical  Surgeries.
603. The Editor's Desk: We Have Always Led Clinically--Now Let Us Lead  Scientifically.
604. Einführung zum Thema.
605. Lung Cancer in the Collapsed Lobe Following Successful Bronchoscopic Lung Volume  Reduction.
606. Optimizing Photon-counting CT for Congenital Heart Disease: The Value of  Ultrasharp Kernels in Neonates and Infants.
607. The Role of Preprocedural CT in Redo Transcatheter Aortic Valve Replacement: A  Radiologist's Perspective.
608. The remarkable life of Carol Davila: Founder of the military medical service and  architect of modern medical education in Romania.
609. Characterization of US patients with alpha-1 antitrypsin deficiency treated with  an alpha-1 proteinase inhibitor.
610. An Updated Case Report of a Long-Term Survivor With Stage IVB Ovarian Squamous  Cell Carcinoma Arising From Mature Cystic Teratoma.
611. Simulating hydrodynamic interactions in colloidal suspensions using  multiparticle collision dynamics with rigid-body constraints.
612. Unraveling intramolecular charge transfer coordinate by optical polarization  dependent coherent vibrational spectroscopy.
613. An automated clustering workflow for molecular simulation data.
614. Functional machine learning modeling of electronic bandgap.
615. Berberine ameliorates doxorubicin-induced cardiac toxicity via regulation of the  SNHG14/miR-9-5p/PDK4 axis.
616. High-Throughput Equine Plasma Profiling Using Laser-Assisted Rapid Evaporative  Ionisation Mass Spectrometry.
617. Clinical evaluation of bevacizumab intravenous infusion-associated bleeding risk  and vascular stress under a vascular‑protective management pathway in recurrent  ovarian cancer.
618. Increasing competition in pharmaceutical tenders: Patents, treatment guidelines,  and centralised procurement of Hepatitis C drugs in Brazil.
619. Analysis of the Clinical Application Value of Immune Function Markers and  Cytokines in the Recurrent Aphthous Ulcer.
620. Pocket restraints guided by B-cell epitope prediction improve Chai-1  antibody-antigen structure modeling.
621. De novo design of proteinaceous binders targeting the LEDGF PWWP domain.
622. Working Right Ways: Investigating Health Practitioners' Perspectives of  Challenges and Barriers to Providing Good Foot Care With and for First Nations  Peoples.
623. Performance of carbapenemase screening algorithms for detection of  OXA-244-producing Escherichia coli.
624. Context-specific impact of antimicrobial stewardship on antibiotic use and  antibiotic resistance in hospitals in a lower-middle-income country: results  from an implementation study with a controlled interrupted time series design in  Viet Nam.
625. Correction to "Feasibility of Physical Exam and Performance-Based Tests in  Individuals With Chronic Low Back Pain: A Descriptive Study".
626. Erratum: Injury Surveillance in Early Specialized Adolescent Competitive  Swimmers: A 4-Year Prospective Study: Corrigendum.
627. [Expression of Concern] Fatty acids inhibit anticancer effects of 5-fluorouracil  in mouse cancer cell lines.
628. Primary thymic papillary adenocarcinoma with a rare CD5/CD117-negative and  PAX8/WT1-positive immunophenotype: A case report.
629. SIRT Family: Biological Functions and Therapeutic Targets.
630. Automated Generation and Human Evaluation of Neurosurgical Board Examination  Self-Assessment Questions.
631. Diabetic ketoacidosis induced by long-acting growth hormone in a child without  preexisting diabetes.
632. Growth-Oriented Active Learning (GOAL): Reframing Remediation in Emergency  Medicine Training.
633. Research progress of lactylation modification in tumors (Review).
634. Risk factors associated with treatment failure in peritoneal dialysis-associated  peritonitis.
635. Role of fine-needle aspiration cytology and cell morphology in determining the  histogenesis of salivary gland lesions.
636. Stepwise endoscopic and surgical management of spontaneous esophageal rupture  with severe mediastinal contamination: A case report.
637. Total knee arthroplasty for the treatment of osteoarthritis secondary to  bilateral congenital patellar dislocation: A case report and review of the  literature.
638. Development of a clinical trial knowledge management application for community  oncology.
639. Partial pericardial defect revealed by multi-modality imaging.
640. Geographic Variability of Fish Carcass-Associated Microbial Communities.
641. Impact of PA-MSHA on Postoperative Seroma Formation and Tissue Remodeling in Rat  Abdominal Wall Hernia Model.
642. Training of trainers on medical education reforms: a prospective multicenter  French survey among intensivists.
643. Consensus Guidance for Beta-Lactam Antibiotic Dose Individualization in Acutely  Ill Patients: Endorsed by the American College of Clinical Pharmacy, European  Society of Clinical Microbiology and Infectious Diseases, European Society of  Clinical Microbiology and Infectious Diseases PK/PD of Anti-Infectives Study  Group, Infectious Diseases Society of America, International Association of  Therapeutic Drug Monitoring and Clinical Toxicology, Society of Critical Care  Medicine, and the Society of Infectious Diseases Pharmacists.
644. Real-World Data-Driven Insights in Obesity: A Comparative Cross-Sectional  Analysis of General Practice and a Specialized Obesity Clinic in Belgium-An IMI2  SOPHIA Study.
645. The Vet.
646. Better patient outcomes with biplane ultrasound probes for guided peripheral IV  access.
647. On the Cover.
648. Health Hazards in ICE Detention Centers.
649. Coping with Empathy Fatigue.
650. When Nursing Is Excluded, Who Speaks Up?
651. Nanotube trafficking fuels myeloma bone loss.
652. Domostegui A, Peddigari S, Mercer CA, et al. Impaired ribosome biogenesis  checkpoint activation induces p53-dependent MCL-1 degradation and MYC-driven  lymphoma death. Blood. 2021;137(24):3351-3364.
653. Incidence and diagnostic yield of repeat imaging-based screening for hepatic  arteriovenous malformations in patients with HHT.
654. Contemporary global epidemiology of cirrhosis.
655. Insights Into Perceptions, Motivations, and Barriers Toward Board Certification  Among Pharmacists in Middle East Countries: A Cross-Sectional Study.
656. Reply to Dr Nagata.
657. Author commentary on Gustavo López-Arce et al.
658. Factors Associated With Surface Antigen (HBsAg) Clearance in a Spanish Cohort of  Chronic Hepatitis B Patients: Influence on the Long-Term Prognosis.
659. Matrix effects reshape organic aerosol volatility and atmospheric persistence.
660. Oncogenic Gα signaling requires AP-3-dependent recruitment to the endolysosomal  compartment.
661. Cell division sets a universal flow geometry in cell layers.
662. Wireless, skin-attachable patch with 3D liquid metal electrodes for vagus nerve  stimulation in depression.
663. Electro-nuclear quantum phase transition in TmVO(4).
664. Genetically modified rice in Iran: scientific progress, policy constraints, and  prospects for sustainable food security.
665. A Blue-Gray, Dome-Shaped Periungual Mass: Answer.
666. Unraveling an Under-Recognized Entity Involving the Nipple Areolar Complex:  Answer.
667. Low-Grade Sweat Gland Carcinomas: A Review-A CME Article.
668. Correction: Structure of the microtubule-anchoring factor NEDD1 bound to the  γ-tubulin ring complex.
669. GCL pruning of PIP3 establishes the soma-germline boundary.
670. A nerve and mast cell sentinel system releases extracellular condensates to  induce macrophage repair.
671. Compositional Profiling of Carbonaceous Deposits From Failed Automotive Spark  Plugs by Pyrolysis-Gas Chromatography Mass Spectrometry.
672. Technical and medical trends of upper limb submissions in mixed martial arts.
673. Liver Biopsy in Metabolic Dysfunction-Associated Steatohepatitis Clinical  Trials: Potential Pitfalls and Solutions.
674. Effects of low-dose esketamine on early quality of recovery following minimally  invasive esophagectomy: a multicenter, randomized controlled study.
675. "I thought I was normal" children's understanding of overweight and obesity: a  qualitative study in chile.
676. In silico biophysical screening of surface ligands for enhanced nanoparticle  mucopermeation.
677. Self-averaging parameter estimation for coarse-grained particle models.
678. Ion-specific anomalous water diffusion in aqueous electrolytes: A  machine-learned many-body force field study with MACE.
679. Exact exchange in the Levy-Perdew-Sahni density-functional theory.
680. Explicitly correlated Gaussian basis approach to periodic systems.
681. Assessment of dose distribution in pancreatic SABR in the presence of a metallic  biliary stent using Monte Carlo modeling.
682. An Analytical Review of Reckless Driving in Ghana: Causes, Consequences and  Regulatory Responses.
683. SIRT1 deacetylates PKM2 to constrain lactate production and protect against  premature ovarian insufficiency.
684. Connexins in metabolic control: linking brain cellular communication to systemic  homeostasis.
685. Low testosterone is a phenotype of visceral adiposity.
686. Unraveling the relationship of seed methionine accumulation on seedling vigour  in maize introgression lines carrying mutant floury2, delta zein regulator1 and  aspartate kinase2 genes.
687. Genomic insights and pathogenic potential of begomovirus infecting bitter gourd  (Momordica charantia L.) in Tamil nadu, India.
688. Bacterial ligninolytic enzymes and their applications in bioremediation.
689. Topical ocular delivery of curcumin with dexamethasone nanodispersions for the  treatment of AMD.
690. Optimization of light source parameters for photoacoustic imaging: trade-offs,  technologies, and clinical considerations.
691. Imagining the Future or Recalling the Past: Effects on State Attachment Security  Through Episodic Priming.
692. A projection-domain deep learning approach for respiratory motion correction of  myocardial perfusion imaging using a multi-pinhole solid-state SPECT.
693. Transforming Nursing Students' Learning Experiences Toward Mental Illness  Through a Dual-Contact Pedagogical Intervention: A Mixed Methods Study.
694. An analytical framework for efficient and precision-controlled Monte Carlo  simulation of heterogeneous targeted alpha therapy microdosimetry.
695. A modality-agnostic coronary artery habitat model for cardiac sparing in  radiotherapy.
696. A physics primer on photon-counting detectors in CT: Physics, signal formation,  and performance.
697. Performance of detector modules designed for the NeuroSphere brain PET system.
698. Results of second-line therapy in adult Philadelphia chromosome-positive acute  lymphoblastic leukemia.
699. Quantifying Heteromer Partitioning Reveals Inflammation-Dependent Redistribution  of Microglial Adenosine A(2A) and Cannabinoid CB(2) Receptors.
700. Feasibility of convection-enhanced delivery of unlabeled (225)Ac for  glioblastoma: Transport, dosimetry, and clonogenic survival modeling.
701. Probiotic Lactobacillus casei improves immune microenvironment in rheumatoid  arthritis via gut microbiota-butyrate-HDAC/NF-κB signaling.
702. Manual rotation and maternal positioning for managing fetal occiput posterior  position during labor: a network meta-analysis.
703. Management of Pain in the Intensive Care Unit: A Nordic Survey.
704. A Systematic Study of Auxochrome Effects on Fluorescence Under Conditions of  Varying Temperature, pH, or Viscosity: Photo-induced electron transfer and  Twisted Intramolecular Charge Transfer.
705. Effect of pre-pregnancy obesity and waist-to-hip ratio on pregnancy-related  pelvic girdle pain and mode of delivery: a retrospective cohort study.
706. Gamma-ray irradiation induces dose-dependent mutational signatures in Ganoderma  resinaceum revealed by whole-genome resequencing.
707. Association of serum spermidine level with vascular calcification in peritoneal  dialysis patients.
708. Amplifying author voices: Veterinary Vertex earns Gold EPIC recognition.
709. Connected by a common purpose, looking ahead together.
710. Great Plains Veterinary Educational Center offers hands-on experiences for Iowa  State veterinary students.
711. p53-mediated epigenetic regulation in the pathogenesis of endometriosis.
712. The predictive value of the TAPSE/PASP ratio for major adverse cardiovascular  events in patients with chronic heart failure: evidence from a prolonged  follow-up cohort.
713. Implementing a Staff Safety Intervention Bundle to Reduce Patient-initiated  Workplace Violence.
714. Relationship Between Workplace Incivility and Intention to Leave Employment  Among New Graduate Nurse Residents.
715. Engagement in cardiac rehabilitation after a first myocardial infarction: a  qualitative evidence synthesis of patient experiences.
716. Cost of managing brain metastases in patients with ALK+ advanced NSCLC with  first-line tyrosine kinase inhibitors in the UK.
717. Real-world creatine supplementation: a large-scale cross-sectional study of use,  knowledge, and experiences.
718. LC-MS/MS-Based Phytochemical Characterization of Cakile maritima Methanol  Extract and Its Photodynamic Anticancer Activity in Gastric Cancer Cells.
719. Risk of Virological Failure After Switch to a Tenofovir-Sparing Dual Therapy in  Virologically Suppressed People With HIV and Past HBV Infection.
720. Ammonia Metabolism in the Aging Liver: Emerging Mechanistic Insights.
721. Muscle Mitochondrial Oxidative Capacity and Cognitive Decline Over up to a  Decade: Sex Differences.
722. A Mobile Application to Improve Mental Health and Reduce Suicidal Ideation Among  Adolescents: A Pilot Mixed-Methods Study.
723. Correction for Sen et al., mTOR signaling governs the formation of epithelial  apical projections via S6K1-RhoA and aPKC-Lgl2 axes.
724. ZNF263-NuRD-mediated repression of STAT1 curtails MHC-I antigen presentation and  IFN-γ efficacy in prostate cancer.
725. Excitonic energy transfer in red algal Photosystem I reveals an evolutionary  bridge between cyanobacteria and plants.
726. Fluid polarity shifts initiate and amplify preferential flow in clay-rich media.
727. Radial gradient of superionic hydrogen in the Earth's inner core.
728. A minimal wake-vortex model explains formation flight of flapping birds.
729. Good Health Is Good Governance.
730. A Centralized Text Message Recall for Pediatric Influenza Vaccination, New York  City, 2017.
731. Planning a Regional Data Ecosystem for Public Health Preparedness and Response.
732. Artificial Intelligence and the Public Health Workforce: From Adoption to  Accountable Practice.
733. Inverse-Intensity-Weighted Generalized Estimating Equations With Irregularly  Measured Longitudinal Data and Informative Dropout.
734. Designing Efficient Multicenter Trials With a Maximin Strategy.
735. Glucosamine Promotes Autophagy and Attenuates Hepatic Steatosis Via  O-GlcNAcylation-Mediated Mechanisms.
736. Guidelines, Frameworks, and Trainings on Lived Experience and Caregiver  Engagement in Research: Common Threads With Specific Considerations for Specific  Subpopulations.
737. The Experience of Stigma Within the Young Onset Dementia (YOD) Population: A  Systematic Review of Qualitative Research.
738. Medication Adherence in Relation to Beliefs About Medicines and Health-Related  Quality of Life Among Community-Dwelling Patients: A Cross-Sectional Analysis.
739. Models of Pandemics: What Should We Do Differently Next Time?
740. A composite model of maize heterosis based on structural complementation and  functional variants.
741. Reflections on the discipline: foundations, challenges, and future of biomedical  informatics.
742. Post-resettlement context matters: a qualitative study of refugee parents'  responses to child trauma in low-resource settings.
743. Long-term psychological consequences of multiple war-related loss among women  survivors of Srebrenica and other Eastern Bosnia regions: a qualitative focus  group study.
744. Prevalence and risk of cardiovascular events among people living with HIV: a  meta-analysis.
745. Extracellular Vesicles in Acute Myeloid Leukemia: Opportunities and Obstacles  for Therapeutic Advancement.
746. Traumatic Dental Injuries Among Young Orthodontic Patients in Public Dental  Health Service: Patterns of Occurrence and Referral Routines.
747. DHCA-Net: A Novel Dual-Stream Hierarchical Channel Attention Network for  Explainable Autism Spectrum Disorder Detection From Facial Images.
748. How Structural Subtleties Modulate Excited-State Lifetimes in Cyclometalated  Cobalt(III) Complexes: Nonadiabatic Molecular Dynamics Study.
749. Multiparametric Ex Vivo Evaluation of Parotid Tumors: Feasibility and  Preliminary Results.
750. Baseline DCP May Modify Response to Atezolizumab-Bevacizumab Versus  Durvalumab-Tremelimumab in Unresectable HCC.
751. Application of Population-Based Meta-Heuristic Algorithms for Robust  Initialization in Mechanistic Pharmacometric Modeling.
752. Embedding the sustainable development goals in education for the mental health  workforce: A scoping review of pedagogies and practice.
753. Activation of the TGF-β1/HIPK2 signaling pathway exacerbates EMT injury in renal  tubular epithelial cells in diabetic kidney disease.
754. Antenatal tocolytic exposure and postnatal patent ductus arteriosus outcomes in  preterm infants born at ≤32 weeks: a retrospective cohort study.
755. Ultrasonographically detected uterine synechiae and their impact on pregnancy  outcomes.
756. Variants of Epas1 contribute to hypoxia adaptation in the subterranean rodents  Eospalax and Spalax.
757. Exploring Inter-Rater Agreement in Classification of Radiological Features of  Tension in Adults With Primary Spontaneous Pneumothorax.
758. Response to "Comparing Square Excision and Transposition Flap Versus Modified  Limberg Flap in Sacrococcygeal Pilonidal Sinus Disease Surgery: A New Technique  With Fewer Wound Issues".
759. Challenges Wound/Ulcer Management Stakeholders Encounter When Correcting  Reimbursement Practices.
760. A new chapter in precision medicine: Circulating tumor cells in breast cancer  prognosis and treatment.
761. Anniversary Issue.
762. Anniversary Issue.
763. Longitudinal bidirectional relations between problematic smartphone use and  academic burnout among adolescents: The mediating role of executive dysfunction.
764. A multitarget ruthenium-clotrimazole complex eradicates MRSA through membrane  disruption, DNA intercalation, and ROS generation.
765. Zinc Tetrakis (4-Carboxyphenyl) Porphyrin Intercalation Modification in  CoAl-Layered Double Hydroxides for Efficient Photocatalytic Reduction of CO(2).
766. IV Thrombolysis in the Extended Time Window.
767. Exploring Between-Study Heterogeneity in Extended-Window IV Thrombolysis for  Acute Ischemic Stroke: A Meta-Analysis of 18 Randomized Controlled Trials.
768. Rapidly Progressive Alzheimer Disease and Related Dementias as a Phase  Transition: Symptom Cascades and Survival Inflection.
769. Time to Treatment in Stroke Thrombectomy and Outcomes in the Extended Time  Window: A Meta-Analysis.
770. Evaluation of the effect of Healing Touch on coronary artery bypass grafting  recovery: A randomized controlled trial.
771. Methemoglobinemia risk after administration of Hurricaine Spray.
772. Struggling with pain and uncertainty.
773. When connection becomes opportunity.
774. Correction for Sabzehei et al., Exploring PrP(C) unfolding as a critical step  preceding its refolding in the context of PrP(Sc) propagation.
775. Shifting cultivation as a self-organizing social-ecological system.
776. One step forward, two steps back: A first look at the planetary health  implications of the 2025-2030 Dietary Guidelines for Americans.
777. Correction for Buche et al., Trait-mediated interactions drive local diversity.
778. LARP1 at the nexus of oncogenic MYC and mTOR signaling.
779. There is no free benchmark: An institutional view of legal AI benchmarking.
780. A phosphorylation cascade involving ZmSnRK2.10-ZmRIPK2-ZmWRKY38 attenuates  drought response by derepressing ZmSUS2 in maize.
781. A dual self-regulatory platform for programmable biosynthesis of  L-lysine-derived alkaloids.
782. Identification of a conserved gene family with an essential role in Leishmania  parasite-insect vector adhesion.
783. A transition toward flightlessness in Mallards, Indian Runner Ducks, and their  hybrid offspring.
784. Echolocating bats sacrifice binaural localization cues for target-focused  hearing during high-speed foraging.
785. Statement of Retraction. Yunzhou Dong, Miao Zhang, Shuangxi Wang, Bin Liang,  Zhengxing Zhao, Chao Liu, Mingyuan Wu, Hyoung Chul Choi, Timothy J. Lyons, and  Ming-Hui Zou. Activation of AMP-Activated Protein Kinase Inhibits Oxidized  LDL-Triggered Endoplasmic Reticulum Stress In Vivo. Diabetes 2010;59:1386-1396.  DOI: 10.2337/db09-1637. PMID: 20299472. PMCID: PMC2874699.
786. Response to Comments on Dumortier et al. Effects of Sodium-Glucose Cotransporter  2 Inhibitor Use on Mortality, Amputation, and Healing in Patients With Diabetic  Foot Ulcer.
787. The Role of Myeloperoxidase in Osteoarthritis and Its Potential Modulation by  Resveratrol: An Integrated Study.
788. Positioning suzetrigine in acute pain: does spontaneous pain hold the key?
789. Reply to Cheema and Asim.
790. Hospital resource utilization in patients with generalized myasthenia gravis  treated with nipocalimab: results from the VIVACITY-MG3 study.
791. Na(+) Doping Modulates Electrochemical Behaviors of Cathode Materials in Aqueous  Zinc-Ion Batteries.
792. Population pharmacokinetics of piperacillin in non-critically Ill hospitalized  patients: A study from Pakistan.
793. Dynamic evolution, prediction and patient stratification of chemotherapy-induced  neutropenia in a predominantly breast cancer cohort: A decision-support study  for building a bundle care strategy.
794. Effects of levofloxacin eye drops on ocular surface bacterial colonization and  postoperative infection rate in patients undergoing blepharoplast.
795. Melatonin attenuates diabetic peripheral neuropathy through modulation of the  COX2-IRE1α-mediated endoplasmic reticulum stress axis.
796. Effects of curcumin and nicorandil on nilotinib-induced QT interval prolongation  in rats: A telemetry-based study.
797. Clinical efficacy and safety of indomethacin-gyneFix IUD combined with a  levonorgestrel-releasing intrauterine system in patients with adenomyosis and  different uterine cavity depths.
798. Changyanqing decoction ameliorates ulcerative colitis via PI3K-Akt pathway:  Insights from network pharmacology and in-vitro validation.
799. Socioeconomic barriers to psychotherapy engagement in treatment-resistant  depression.
800. Inhaled 3% hypertonic saline is associated with improved symptoms and  microbiological stabilisation in antibiotic-naïve nontuberculous mycobacterial  lung disease: A prospective study.
801. Efficacy and safety of a novel 532-nm picosecond Nd:YAG laser for the treatment  of freckles in Chinese patients: a randomized, split-face, multicenter,  noninferiority trial.
802. Corrigendum.
803. An Alternative Approach for Detecting Problematic Alcohol Use: Developing the  Student Alcohol Risk Assessment Scale-15 Using AI-Assisted Machine Learning.
804. Immune context and treatment timing associated with seizure freedom after  rituximab in autoimmune limbic encephalitis.
805. Domain-general and language-specific brain networks are differentially  associated with verbal intelligence during development.
806. Phenotypic patterns in feline heart failure: A natural model for understanding  variable disease severity in humans.
807. From giant components to communities: community-level insights for prioritizing  interventions within large clusters of HIV-1 transmission networks.
808. Inter Arma, Judicialis: Legal Bricolage and the Agency of Ukrainian Judiciary in  Wartime.
809. Adverse events associated with basivertebral nerve radiofrequency ablation: A  comprehensive analysis from the MAUDE database.
810. Balloon tamponade for central venous catheter-related perforations: A minimally  invasive, vessel-sparing case series.
811. Total Hip Arthroplasty Frequently Alters Coronal Plane Alignment of the Knee  Classification: Implications for Knee Arthroplasty Planning.
812. Physical function, exercise, and clinical outcomes in peritoneal dialysis: a  narrative review.
813. Targeting grasp-related cortical areas for intracortical brain-machine  interfaces.
814. Probabilistic quality assurance of biopsy DVH thresholds in HDR prostate  brachytherapy under localization uncertainty.
815. Netzwerkinterviews und Multi-Informanten-Designs.
816. Electroacupuncture Treatment on Sarcopenia in Patients Undergoing Maintenance  Haemodialysis: An Effective Therapy.
817. Effectiveness of a community-based intervention to improve adolescent  reproductive health knowledge and social risk outcomes in rural Honduras: a  mixed-methods pre-post evaluation.
818. Critical care level admissions and transfers of preterm births in England.
819. A Unified Strategy Based on laeA Gene Introduction and Synthetic Approaches for  Rediscovery of 3-Chlorogentisyl Alcohol as an Antibacterial Compound Against  Acinetobacter baumannii.
820. An Exploratory Cost-Utility Analysis of Screening and Treating Immigrants in  Canada for Hepatitis D.
821. Zero-Potential No-Discharge APCI Combined With pH and Colorimetric Measurements  Reveals a Protein-Dependent Change in Albumin Proton Affinity Under Quantum-Dot  Patch Exposure.
822. The Relationship Between COVID-19 Vaccine Regret, Distrust of the Healthcare  System, and Future Vaccine Intentions.
823. Phenomenology in Psychiatry as an Ethical Obligation.
824. What Are We Actually Implementing? The Dual-Object Paradox in Implementation  Science.
825. Unexplored Factors in Medication Wastage: Investigating Economic Impact in a  Brazilian Teaching Hospital.
826. A shared endeavour to expand the global reach of audiology research.
827. Superior shoulder suspensory complex disruptions: from injury pattern  recognition to treatment decision-making-a narrative review with institutional  case illustrations.
828. A rare variant in TRIOBP linked to occupational noise exposure in Meniere  disease.
829. Tobacco's dual genomic footprints in bladder cancer revealed by multi-omics  analysis: An SBS4-like LumU-enriched signature and smoking-driven HRD-related  genomic instability.
830. Three-year cardiovascular risk prediction among people who use cocaine or  methamphetamine.
831. Outcomes of Technically Optimal Intraoperative Radiation Therapy With Electrons  Versus Whole-Breast External Beam Radiation in Suitable Patients With Breast  Cancer.
832. Angiogenic behavior of human umbilical vein endothelial cells in hydrogel  containing lyophilized powder of decellularized adipose tissue from high-fat  diet-fed or exercise-trained rats.
833. A case report of falsely elevated high-sensitivity cardiac troponin I due to  macro-troponin I.
834. Multimodal approach to identify neuropsychophysiological subgroups in myalgic  encephalomyelitis/chronic fatigue syndrome and their relevance for  rehabilitation: protocol for a mechanistic cross-sectional and longitudinal  study.
835. Dietary regimens and cognitive function in multiple sclerosis: a systematic  review.
836. A city-year dataset of residual-based tail physical climate risk for Chinese  cities, 1973 to 2024.
837. A comprehensive deep regional electrical resistivity dataset of Taiwan from  magnetotelluric surveys.
838. Physicochemical properties and antioxidant activity of enzymatically grafted  pullulan-ferulic acid conjugates.
839. Setdb1 safeguards proper differentiation of adult intestinal stem cells by  controlling chromatin accessibility and transcriptome variability.
840. Retraction notice to "Controlling basal plane sulfur vacancy in water splitting  MoSx/NiF electrocatalysts through electric-field-assisted pulsed laser ablation"  [iScience 26 (2023) 106797].
841. Spatiotemporal characteristics of visual cortical responses to transpalpebral  electrical stimulation.
842. Immune-associated alternative splicing signatures define molecular subtypes in  breast cancer.
843. Organoid-loaded core-shell cryomicroneedles induce biomimetic follicular units  and hair regeneration.
844. Injectable microsphere-based delivery strategies for stem cells and their  derivatives in tissue regeneration.
845. Peptide-functionalized nanoemulsions with exendin-4 as a model ligand.
846. Multiple arteriovenous malformations due to liver failure: An unusual etiology.
847. Lessons from the Bundibugyo outbreak for the Americas.
848. Comparative analysis of sport-related concussions in stick-handling sports.
849. Acute total hip arthroplasty for acetabular fractures in the elderly - Surgical  strategies and recent trends.
850. Image quality assessment of ECG-less coronary CT angiography: A comparative  study with conventional ECG-gated CCTA.
851. "No carrot, no stick": Exploring premise identification programs across Canada.
852. Ratiometric nitric oxide fluorescent probe in the second near infrared window  for the visualization of inflammation.
853. A tree-inspired liquid-managing scaffold with radial-axial continuity for wound  exudate management.
854. Water-seal duration and chest tube removal outcomes after traumatic  pneumothorax: a retrospective cohort study.
855. An Evidence-Based Framework for Patient-Facing Artificial Intelligence  Integration in the Emergency Department.
856. Dual targeting of PI3K and FGFR or CDK4/6 reveals synergistic responses in  HPV-positive and HPV-negative oropharyngeal cancer spheroids.
857. Buccal mucosal graft interposition for recurrent ileal conduit stomal stenosis:  A case report.
858. Retinal Origins of Aberrant Salience in Schizophrenia: The Perceptual Theory.
859. Investigating Relationships Between Genetic Risk, Childhood Maltreatment, and  Eating Disorders in Women.
860. Use of an Automated Impactor for Total Hip Arthroplasty Does Not Increase  Surgeon Noise Exposure Over Manual Malleting Technique.
861. Trypanosoma cruzi in anteaters from southeastern Brazil: molecular evidence and  implications for sylvatic transmission networks.
862. Intra-articular synovial arteriovenous malformation: A case report study.
863. Associations of parental physical activity and physical fitness with motor  competence, physical fitness, anthropometry, and 24-hour movement behaviors in  preschool children: A cross-sectional study.
864. Fertility-preserving management of heterotopic cesarean scar pregnancy after  laparoscopic repair for cesarean scar disorder: a case report.
865. Lactiplantibacillus plantarum as a multifunctional probiotic for inflammatory  bowel disease: Mechanisms, synbiotic strategies, and delivery systems.
866. Molecular insights into the selective separation of perfluoroalkyl substances:  The construction and application of capsule adsorbents.
867. Establishment and characterization of a mouse model of cisplatin-induced  olfactory aversion.
868. Hematuria in IgAN: Marker, Mediator, or Both?
869. Time-Updated Hematuria and Kidney Disease Progression in IgAN.
870. A logistic regression model for predicting postoperative recurrence of cellular  uterine leiomyoma.
871. High versus low-voltage pulsed radiofrequency of the suprascapular nerve for  chronic shoulder pain: A randomized pilot clinical trial.
872. Osteoimmunomodulatory Effects of Zirconia-Modified Titanium: Promoting  Macrophage Activation and Osteoblast Mineralization at the Dental Implant  Interface.
873. Identification of Prognostic Genes Relevant With the Nuclear Factors of  Activated T Cells Based on Transcriptomics in Oral Squamous Cell Carcinoma.
874. Emotion-BIND for multimodal emotion recognition and reasoning.
875. First identification of Cryptosporidium meleagridis in wild white-eyed parakeet  (Psittacara leucophthalmus).
876. Prevalence of primary Helicobacter pylori antibiotic resistance in Europe over  the past four decades.
877. Season-Aware Interpretation of Aminotransferases Should Not Become Season-Based  Reassurance.
878. Defensive Strategies and Handling Paths in Intimate Relationship Conflicts: A  Dynamic Game Model From the Perspective of Emotional Regulation.
879. Hidden Capacity? Uncovering the Rural Australian Health Research Workforce Using  National Census Data.
880. In Silico Analysis of Enantioselective Binding of Pomalidomide Targets for  Multiple Myeloma.
881. The Association Between Mindfulness and Perceived Stress: A Meta-Analysis.
882. A cryptic aromatic binding pocket in the highly thermostable GpgS from  Mycobacterium hassiacum hints at MGLP pathway crosstalk.
883. Preliminary Validation of a Novel Genetic Knowledge Scale for Familial  Hypercholesterolemia: Evaluation of Face Validity and Core Concepts.
884. Repercussions of Diagnostic Delay in Rare Diseases.
885. Retraction notice to "the effects of Omega-3 supplementation on stress, anxiety,  depression, sleep quality, and everyday memory in individuals with psychological  distress: A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial" [Journal of  Affective Disorders 399 (2026) 121055].
886. GLP-1 receptor agonists: A paradigm shift for psychiatry?
887. Automated early preterm detection using hybrid multimodal attention network with  gated fusion.
888. A practical approach to breast cancer risk assessment and management of women at  elevated risk.
889. Long-term ambient ozone exposure and accelerated biological aging: A  longitudinal analysis among middle-aged and older adults.
890. Seeing the Footprint First: Ultrasound as the Initial Clue to Subscapularis  Insertional (Intraosseous) Cyst.
891. Sciatic Nerve Entrapment by Heterotopic Ossification: A Visual Vignette.
892. NIV Versus NVS: A Review of Respiratory Principles of Physical Medicine After 60  Years of Neglect.
893. ITGB1-Mediated Focal Adhesion Signaling Underlies the Chondroprotective Effects  of Extracorporeal Shockwave Therapy in Knee Osteoarthritis.
894. Virtual Reality-assisted Physiotherapeutic Training for Patients With Knee  Osteoarthritis: A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis.
895. Retraction: HSP72 interacts with PRDX6 to deubiquitinate mitochondrial PINK1,  activating mitophagy to treat MASLD.
896. Pizza versus Pi*ZZ: The metabolic amplifiers in alpha-1 antitrypsin deficiency.
897. The liver joins the CKM conversation: Fibrosis risk across the cardiometabolic  spectrum.
898. The weight of progress: Why dynamic weight trajectories matter in MASLD.
899. The Promise and Peril of Alzheimer Disease Prevention.
900. Rasch-Built Overall Disability Scale for Chronic Idiopathic Axonal  Polyneuropathy.
901. AI-guided data-driven kinetic modelling carbon quantum dot-enabled pH-responsive  CMC/CeO(2) nanocarriers for quercetin delivery and in vitro evaluation in lung  cancer cells.
902. The prototype DynamiX camera system - a high-frame-rate high-dynamic-range hard  X-ray integrating detector for fourth-generation synchrotrons.
903. Accuracy and safety of C-TST for tuberculosis infection: A clinical trial in  Brazil.
904. Clinical outcomes of lentiviral gene therapy for SCD.
905. Septins and cytokinesis in the polymorphic fungus Aureobasidium pullulans.
906. Genetic determinants of gestational diabetes mellitus in thai pregnant women:  role of GCKR, CDKAL1, TCF7L2, NEDD1, and CMIP variants.
907. Intramuscular patient-derived xenografts achieve high engraftment rates in  gastric cancer: implications for pharmacodynamic testing and genomic biomarker  discovery.
908. Supination Adduction Ankle Fracture Treated With Fibular Intramedullary Screw  Fixation.
909. Ankle Syndesmotic Injury With Posterior Tibial Tendon Rupture.
910. Carpal Tunnel Release: Technical Considerations for the Orthopaedic Trauma  Surgeon.
911. Beyond the name: opportunities to optimise reproductive care provision to women  with PMOS/PCOS.
912. Challenges in Transitional Phases of Foster Care for Older Adults: Perspectives  of Foster Caregivers.
913. Genome-Wide Resequencing Reveals Genetic Diversity and Selection Signatures in  Two Indigenous Goat Populations From Xizang.
914. ADHD Symptom Severity and Oppositional Defiant Behavior: Divergent Structural  Pathways Across Clinical and Non-Clinical Populations-A Multi-Group Path  Analysis Investigation.
915. Experimental estimation of copper-site geometry reproducibility in biologically  relevant redox and saccharide-bound states of a model lytic polysaccharide  monooxygenase.
916. Nationwide expansion of the EGUIDE project in Japan: A nine-year overview.
917. Attitude (In)congruence in Group Interactions Predicts Social Identification and  Favouritism Behaviour.
918. Second-tier genetics improves newborn screening accuracy for SCID and other T  cell deficiencies.
919. Interaction of genetic risk score and fatty acids quality index on circadian  rhythm and quality of life among overweight and obese women.
920. Autonomous radiotherapy planning via agentic orchestration using a multimodal  TPS-integrated compound AI platform.
921. Correction to an immunometabolism-related signature for renal clear cell  carcinoma diagnosis and therapeutic target.
922. [Expression of Concern] In vitro and in vivo targeting of bladder carcinoma with  metformin in combination with cisplatin.
923. The write-cost bottleneck: energy constraints on continual learning in brains  and machines.
924. Impact of Poverty on Health in Developing Countries.
925. Maize Biofortification Approaches for Fighting Malnutrition in Sub-Saharan  Africa.
926. Nine Years of Experience With Bonebridge: Long-Term Clinical and Audiological  Outcomes.
927. Bilateral Blepharoplasty and Shortening of the Third Eyelid Cartilage as  Treatment for Chronic Corneal Ulceration in a Giant Rabbit-A Case Report.
928. Electron Affinity of Actinide (IV) Carboxylate Complexes From MN12-L  Density-Functional Calculations and Explainable Machine Learning.
929. Informant bias and the invisible symptoms in childhood trauma assessment:  introducing the symptom visibility-informant bias framework.
930. Psychometric properties of the City Birth Trauma Scale in Black trauma-exposed  women.
931. How to Create Accessible OSCE Exams for Learners With Disabilities.
932. Benralizumab effectiveness in a real-world Portuguese severe eosinophilic asthma  population: BETREAT study.
933. Predictive value of the uric acid to high-density cholesterol ratio (UHR)  combined with intact parathyroid hormone for protein-energy wasting after  incident hemodialysis: a multicenter study.
934. Expression of Concern: Can colour Doppler ultrasonography predict the prognosis  of endometrial hyperplasia?
935. Risk Stratification and Nursing Strategy for Recurrent Readmission in Primary  Venous Thromboembolism: A Study Based on NT-proBNP and Factor VIII.
936. Informing food safety trainings in low- and middle-income countries: a novel  evaluation of training materials and design.
937. Exercise‑induced exosomal noncoding RNAs: Molecular signaling cascades in bone  remodeling and translational applications in sports‑related bone injuries  (Review).
938. Cepharanthine inhibits tick‑borne encephalitis virus infection through  modulation of the stress and inflammation response.
939. YAP1‑mediated cytoplasmic‑nuclear translocation of SREBP2 promotes colorectal  cancer via regulation of cholesterol metabolism.
940. Successful Treatment of Rapid Cycling Bipolar Disorder With Lurasidone,  Clozapine, and Valproate: A Case Report.
941. Recombinant human collagen XVII protects epidermal stem cells from blue  light-induced photoaging by downregulating the Notch pathway.
942. Enteric-colonized Cronobacter spp. can disrupt the central nervous system  without translocation across the host barriers.
943. Psychological safety, anxiety, and stress among Swedish primary care physicians:  a cross-sectional survey.
944. Trends in Hepatitis B, Hepatitis C, and HIV Seroprevalence in the Netherlands:  Insights From Two Decades of Nationwide PIENTER Serosurveys.
945. Halide Perovskites for Photo(electro)catalytic Sustainable Energy: Recent  Advances and Challenges.
946. Co-Designing Physical Activity Programmes: A Participatory Research Study With  Culturally Diverse Women and Local Government.
947. Rational Design and Modulation of In(2)O(3)-Based Catalysts for Efficient CO(2)  Hydrogenation to Methanol.
948. A Metrologically Traceable Candidate Reference Measurement Procedure (cRMP) for  Dehydroepiandrosterone Sulfate in Human Serum Based on Isotope Dilution-Liquid  Chromatography-Tandem Mass Spectrometry (ID-LC-MS/MS).
949. Direct NMR Evidence of Distinct Cation-CO(2) Adducts in Asymmetric  Phosphonium-Based Aprotic N-Heterocyclic Anion (AHA) Ionic Liquids.
950. VPS35 Regulates Microglial Lipid Droplet Accumulation in Parkinson's Disease via  Rab7.
951. Epidemiology of Patients With Chronic Liver Disease Presenting to Emergency  Departments in Australia.
952. Association of LDH-derived biochemical ratios with severe pre-eclampsia: a  multicenter retrospective cohort study.
953. Effects on mortality of different blood purification techniques in sepsis  patients: an umbrella review of systematic reviews and meta-analyses.
954. Preparation and application of a polyclonal antibody against the N structural  protein of chilli yellow ringspot orthotospovirus.
955. Endoscopic full-thickness retrieval of a migrated plastic stent after endoscopic  ultrasonography-guided liver abscess drainage.
956. Single-balloon enteroscope-bridged endosonography-guided gallbladder drainage  with lumen-apposing metal stent in Billroth II.
957. Whole transcriptome responses of zebrafish (Danio rerio) exposed to a mixture of  benzotriazole ultraviolet stabilizers: insights into embryotoxicity and  behavior.
958. Effectiveness of transcutaneous auricular vagus nerve stimulation in alleviating  postpartum blues following cesarean delivery: A randomized double-blind  controlled trial.
959. Success of Methotrexate for the Management of Recurrent Compared With Primary  Ectopic Pregnancy: A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis: Correction.
960. In Reply.
961. Multiplex Panel Detects Glial and Inflammatory Biomarker Signatures in Sporadic  and C9orf72-ALS.
962. The Art of Sequencing Disease-Modifying Therapies in Multiple Sclerosis.
963. Robot-assisted Partial Nephrectomy with the new HugoRAS System: single center  matched-pair analysis.
964. Concordance of a Structured Orthopantomogram Reporting Tool Between Dental  Practitioners, and Compared to Routine Reports Within a Regional and Remote  Service.
965. Influence of Implant Type on Clinical and Radiologic Outcomes: A Cross-Sectional  Private Practice-Based Analysis.
966. Robotic Single-Port Trans-stomal Hartmann Reversal.
967. Surveillance Imaging Findings of Lung Cancer Recurrence after Definitive  Therapy.
968. Interferon regulatory factor 1 mediates ROS-dependent release of NETs in  LPS-induced mouse pneumonia by interacting with matrix metalloproteinase 9.
969. Effect of Laboratory Reagents for Cleaning Modern Contamination on the δ(15)N  Integrity of Nitrogen-Poor Samples.
970. The role of IL-37 in inflammatory bowel disease and colitis-associated  colorectal cancer.
971. Research interest in nursing undergraduate students: an exploration of  research-linked courses.
972. Development and Optimization of an LC-MS/MS Method for Quantification of  Phosphatidylethanol in Human Whole Blood.
973. Being Heard, Being Valued, Being Understood-Aboriginal Community Perspectives on  Adapting a Healthy Lifestyle Program for Boorloo/Perth, Western Australia: A  Qualitative Study.
974. Preparation of Silica-Based Chitosan Chiral Stationary Phases by Two Synthetic  Approaches and Evaluation of Their Enantioseparation Performance by HPLC.
975. Exploring the Psychological Mechanism of Passengers Adhering to Emergency  Evacuation Signs During Subway Fire Emergencies: An Application of the  Protective Action Decision Model and the Heuristic-Systematic Model.
976. Proteomic investigation of signaling dynamics: from static maps to network  rewiring.
977. Bottom-up reconstitution of model membrane systems: a mini-review.
978. Teaching on the Frontlines: A Narrative Inquiry of Teachers' Experiences With  School-Based Trauma.
979. Reflections on the Evolving Contribution of the Rural Health Multidisciplinary  Training Programme.
980. Managing Bipolar Disorder During Apheresis: A Case Based Observation.
981. An evaluation of the impact of a national facilitated antimicrobial stewardship  e-learning course on learners' practice in Egypt.
982. Oral Spermidine Supplementation Preserves Submandibular Gland Function After  Radiotherapy: Mechanistic Insights and Use in a Phase II Randomized Clinical  Trial.
983. Scalable extraction of social determinants of health from clinical notes in a  sepsis cohort using instruction-tuned language models.
984. Assessment of real-world evidence research competencies in federated research  networks: a maternal health fellowship program evaluation.
985. Education Research: Explaining Neurophobia in Medical Students: A Comparison  With Math Anxiety.
986. Development of a sensitive plasma lenvatinib quantification method and  validation in thyroid cancer patients.
987. Genome-wide characterization highlights the regulatory network rewiring of BTB  genes in barley under stress condition.
988. Computational formulation of a broad-spectrum multi-epitope vaccine against  bacterial pathogens implicated in periodontal and systemic diseases.
989. Plant growth promotion of rice (Oryza sativa L.) with root endophytic bacteria,  isolated from wild Solanaceous medicinal plants Solanum nigrum L., Solanum  sisymbriifolium Lam., and Solanum virginianum L.
990. Modulation of Ca(2+) signaling by tulsi (holy basil) extract in renal epithelial  wound-healing model.
991. An overview on dual functional nanoparticles for efficient nutrient delivery and  sustainable environment.
992. Phyto-synthesized silver nanoparticles from Dendrobium heyneanum and Coelogyne  mossiae: a sustainable approach towards pharmaceutical applications.
993. A NANOBODY molecule that blocks MerTK ectodomain cleavage in vitro and in vivo.
994. Evolution and future directions of bispecific antibodies in breast cancer: a  global clinical trial landscape analysis.
995. Quantifying optical scattering losses in pump-probe serial femtosecond  crystallography experiments.
996. Parents' experiences of diagnosis and specialist care of children's rare  birthmarks.
997. Slit-Lamp Evaluation Provides Greater Depth Estimates in Stromal Ulcers Than  High-Resolution Ultrasonic Biomicroscopy: A Prospective Study in 50 Dogs.
998. Problematic Internet Use and Family Rules Among Children and Adolescents.
999. Future Clinical Pharmacological Decision Support.
1000. Epidemiology of Chlamydia trachomatis in Canada: systematic review and  meta-analysis, 1981-2025.
1001. Multi-omic modelling of body mass index response to a dietary weight loss  intervention.
1002. Acceptability and Utility of a Virtual Reality Diabetes-Related Foot Disease  Training Program for First Nations People: A Pragmatic Quasi-Experimental Case  Series Study.
1003. COMPASS: A Computational Pipeline to Identify Linkers Predicting Ubiquitinable  PROTAC-Induced Ternary Complexes.
1004. From Agricultural Waste to Functional Materials: Modified Carbonaceous  Adsorbents From Corn Biomass.
1005. Glycated Hemoglobin, Lifestyle, and Sarcopenia in Rural Older Adults: A  Cross-Sectional Analysis.
1006. Understanding Electrolyte Decomposition and Interphase Formation at Li Metal  Anode in Glyme-Based Electrolytes via Density Functional Theory Simulations.
1007. Corrigendum to "Discovery of furopyridine-based compounds as novel inhibitors of  Janus kinase 2: In silico and in vitro studies" [Int. J. Biol. Macromol. Volume  260 (2024), 129308].
1008. European Association of Urology Guidelines on Neuro-urology: Summary of the 2026  Update.
1009. Maternal and neonatal predictors of high Edinburgh Postnatal Depression Scale  score on postpartum day 7: a retrospective cohort study.
1010. From the Editor's Desk..
1011. Beyond white light: augmenting vision in complex endoscopic surgery.
1012. Endoscopic reversal of Roux-en-Y gastric bypass: toward a less invasive  solution.
1013. Shunting or occluding? Evolving strategies for gastric varices in the era of  endoscopic ultrasound.
1014. Routine terminal ileal intubation: reconsidering its role in screening  colonoscopy.
1015. Treatment-characteristic brain structural changes in depression: A multi-center  longitudinal observational study.
1016. In Reply to Pomeroy et al.
1017. In Reply to Topkan et al.
1018. In Regard to Martin et al.
1019. In Reply to Pang.
1020. Getting to the Backbone of the Problem: Treatment Strategies for Nasopharyngeal  Cancer With a Solitary Vertebral Metastasis.
1021. De Novo Oligometastatic Nasopharyngeal Carcinoma.
1022. Temporal course of symptom domain improvement in schizophrenia: individual  participant data analysis of six antipsychotic drug trials.
1023. Efficacy and safety of cannabinoids.
1024. The direct and indirect effects of antipsychotic drugs on negative symptoms.
1025. Preventing the unthinkable: deaths by suicide in higher-education students.
1026. Deep brain stimulation for the treatment of patients with dystonia: advances  towards network-based personalised care.
1027. Safety, tolerability, and efficacy of flexible-dose tavapadon for Parkinson's  disease (TEMPO-2): a phase 3, randomised, placebo-controlled, double-blind  trial.
1028. Why El Niño is a concern and an opportunity for neurologists.
1029. The inner sense.
1030. Adjunct dexamethasone in herpes simplex virus encephalitis - Authors' reply.
1031. Adjunct dexamethasone in herpes simplex virus encephalitis.
1032. Natural experiments on herpes zoster vaccines and dementia.
1033. Risk reduction as a crucial part of dementia prevention.
1034. Xenobiotics modify vertical energy transfer from photoautotrophic biofilms to  grazers.
1035. Using behavioral and biochemical biomarkers to assess the effects of a nitrate  and pesticide mixture on Gammarus fossarum in mesocosms implanted in a  constructed wetland (Seine-et-Marne, France).
1036. GLF-Net: A quasi-periodic prior-guided waveform segmentation network for ECG  delineation.
1037. Brigatinib-based targeted drug conjugates afford selective and potent anti-tumor  efficacy in the treatment of pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma.
1038. Resensitizing drug-resistant cancers by co-targeting apoptosis and mitochondrial  stress pathway.
1039. Masculinity in the 21st Century and Beyond.
1040. Medicaid Expansion and Firearm Suicide Mortality Among Black and White Men: A  State-Level Retrospective Study, United States, 2000-2023.
1041. Incident Stroke in the United States and Foreign Born Black Individuals.
1042. Discovery of a Potent and Selective MAO-B Inhibitor From a Donepezil-Linked  Chalcone Library With Promising Antiparkinsonian Activity.
1043. Targeting Mitochondrial Dynamics in VEGFR-TKI Hypertension and Cardiotoxicity.
1044. Editorial Comment: Female Urethroplasty: A Critical Review of Indications,  Techniques and Concerns.
1045. Focal Therapy for Prostate Cancer: A Treatment Option Reserved for the Ideal  Candi-date?
1046. Tumor-Associated Macrophage Exosomal miR-142-5p Drives Prostate Cancer  Neuroendocrine Differentiation via RERG/Ras/ERK Axis.
1047. Teaching about the relativistic background of synchrotron radiation: some  intriguing aspects with strong didactic implications.
1048. The LIQUID endstation for in situ spectro-electrochemical studies on energy  materials @ BACH beamline.
1049. A simple and practical approach for protein serial crystallography using grease  matrix and large-area support film.
1050. Genome-Wide Association Study of Lean Body Mass Response to Resistance Training  in Young Asians.
1051. Carnosine-Related Metabolism in Rat Cardiomyocytes and Human Heart Tissue.
1052. Determinants, risk score, and prognostic implications of left ventricular  thrombus in ischemic cardiomyopathy assessed by cardiac magnetic resonance: a  retrospective cohort study.
1053. Improving Hip Fracture Prediction by Using Sarcopenia-Specific Cut-Offs of  T-Scores for Osteosarcopenia: A Prospective Cohort Study.
1054. Integrated Care for Serious Mental Illness, Physical Health Needs, and Social  Services.
1055. Fusobacterium nucleatum-derived succinic acid aggravates colitis by triggering  macrophage pro-inflammatory phenotypic transformation via SUCNR1/NF-κB axis.
1056. Dietary intervention through bacterial-derived butyrate elicits anti-tumor  activity and increases anti-PD-1 response.
1057. Correction to 'Targeting the Liver Serine Protease TMPRSS6 Ameliorates Steatosis  and Attenuates Fibrosis in Experimental MASLD'.
1058. Stapokibart reduces blood eosinophil counts in patients with moderate-to-severe  atopic dermatitis: a post-hoc analysis from phase II and phase III clinical  trials.
1059. Early response to ivarmacitinib and its impact on long-term efficacy in patients  with moderate-to-severe atopic dermatitis: a post hoc analysis of a phase-III  trial.
1060. A Data-Driven Closed-Loop Control Approach to Drive Neural State Transitions for  Mechanistic Insight.
1061. Nurses' Engagement in Healthcare Policy-Making: A Pragmatic Utility-Based  Scoping Review.
1062. Right Ventricular Function Improves With Pulmonary Vasodilator Treatment in  Pediatric Patients With Pulmonary Hypertension and Multivessel Pulmonary Vein  Stenosis in a Single Center Cohort.
1063. Sarand: exploring antimicrobial resistance gene neighbourhoods in complex  metagenomic assembly graphs.
1064. A tale of two circuits (in parallel): differential hypoxia in femoral  veno-arterial extracorporeal membrane oxygenation.
1065. Are we reading our journal? Reflections on print, pixels, and the unopened  plastic cover.
1066. Double trouble following VATS thymectomy for thymoma: an unusual complication  and new-onset myasthenia gravis in the follow-up period.
1067. Spatio-Temporal Sensitivity of Healthcare Accessibility: Insights from a System  Dynamics Model.
1068. Variability in the management of healthy short youth following GH stimulation  testing.
1069. High-dose euglycemic insulin therapy in overdose.
1070. Ovarian toxic effects of micro- and nanoplastics (Review).
1071. Androgen rapidly activates phosphorylation signaling pathways in Sertoli cells.
1072. Lab-on-a-chip-compatible graphene oxide coatings via SAW atomization for  supporting cell proliferation.
1073. Commercial graphene oxides show distinct suitability for silver-nanocomposite  formation and antibiofilm activity and cytocompatibility.
1074. Converging bioengineering technologies toward predictive, human-relevant in  vitro tissue models.
1075. Combination of empagliflozin with curcumin attenuates hepatic inflammation in  high-fat diet-fed mice via macrophage polarization remodeling and NF-κB  modulation.
1076. Electrothermally Addressable Liquid Crystal Elastomer Microactuator Arrays with  Integrated Microheaters.
1077. Percent body fat misclassifies patients with sarcopenia as obese: support for  fat mass index in obesity assessment.
1078. Sexual health literacy as a predictor of reproductive health and family planning  attitudes among university students: a cross-sectional study.
1079. Drilling a safer path: Reconsidering the iliac wing as a reconstructive  corridor.
1080. Advancing surgical techniques with ligasure for common femoral artery exposure.
1081. Necrotic Features in Post-Radiation Nasopharyngeal Biopsies Associated With  Carotid Blowout.
1082. A case of neurofibromatosis type 1 with malignant peripheral nerve sheath tumor  and metastatic pheochromocytoma.
1083. A multi-institutional report of children with atypical teratoid rhabdoid tumor  treated with intensive multimodal therapy.
1084. BRAF-MEK inhibition in a giant BRAF-mutant Rathke cleft cyst: Diagnostic  challenges and clinical implications for BRAF testing.
1085. Comparison of temporal muscle indices for survival prediction in patients with  glioblastoma: Prognostic value, accuracy and reliability.
1086. Natural history study of adults with primary central nervous system tumors:  Initial results for first 1000 participants.
1087. Prognostic associations of steroid use in patients with glioblastoma: A  population-based study.
1088. Improving quality of care for patients with high-grade glioma and their informal  caregivers: Insights from focus groups with healthcare professionals.
1089. Dementia and Cognitive Impairment in the Farming Community. A Preliminary  Qualitative Study of Carers' Perceptions of Risks and Barriers to Care.
1090. Women's Health in Oncology.
1091. Route of BCG administration determines success.
1092. Ultrasound-guided versus CT-guided microwave ablation for liver metastases  reduces complications with comparable tumor control.
1093. Efficacy of doxorubicin-loaded graphene nanoplatform chemo-photothermal therapy  versus photothermal therapy alone for breast cancer xenograft tumors: a  meta-analysis.
1094. Hypoxia-induced inhibition of cell proliferation mediated by TFRC in mouse  spermatogonial stem cells.
1095. The VELYS robotic-assisted solution: a strategic technology evaluation informed  through scoping review.
1096. Retraction Statement: Measurement of the fetal occiput-spine angle during the  first stage of labor as predictor of the progress and outcome of labor.
1097. Letter to the Editor Regarding: "Synovial Absolute Neutrophil Count as a  Superior Diagnostic Biomarker for Acute Periprosthetic Joint Infection in Hip  and Knee Arthroplasty With Low-Virulence Organisms".
1098. Reply to Letter to the Editor on "Optimizing Postoperative Pain Management in  Total Knee Arthroplasty With Preoperative Methadone: A Prospective Randomized  Study".
1099. Reconsidering Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services Functional Status  Measures for Total Hip and Knee Arthroplasty: From Process Compliance to  Meaningful Outcome Assessment.
1100. Effects of paternal and maternal depression on offspring: Manifestations,  mechanisms, and interventions.
1101. Mentalizing trauma and emotion regulation differentiate resilient and vulnerable  profiles in pregnant women exposed to childhood maltreatment.
1102. Dual-hook clip closure for high-tension gastric defects.
1103. Activity-dependent metabolic vulnerability in the APPPS1 Alzheimer's disease  mouse model during isoflurane anesthesia.
1104. Radiosensitization effect of PD-L1-targeted small molecules with direct  antitumor activity on non-small cell lung Cancer.
1105. An integrated in silico and SPR-based workflow identifies FDA-approved drugs as  previously unrecognized SIRT3 binders.
1106. Development of 2,8-diazaspiro[4.5]decan-3-ones as novel sigma-1 receptor  antagonists and evaluation of antihyperalgesic effects.
1107. Adipose tissue macrophages in metabolic inflammation and disease: Insights from  single-cell and multi-omics studies.
1108. Trends in the rates of mortality from chronic obstructive pulmonary disease  mortality among older adults in the United States, 1999-2020, and near-term  projections.
1109. Intercostal versus Erector Spinae in Thoracoscopy: Reply.
1110. Intercostal versus Erector Spinae in Thoracoscopy: Comment.
1111. Disruption of rcnB modulates colistin susceptibility in Acinetobacter baumannii  AB5075.
1112. Resilience Evaluation Scale: translation and psychometric validation in  Brazilian Portuguese.
1113. Effect of infrared technology on dermal thickness of the face compared to  microfocused ultrasound using high frequency ultrasound skin imaging: a  randomized clinical trial.
1114. Beyond snapshots: A systematic review of dyadic and triadic parent-adolescent  ecological momentary assessment studies across diverse and general populations.
1115. Early Initiation and Dual Patterns of Cigarette and E-Cigarette Use among Adults  in the Eastern Province, Saudi Arabia: A Cross-Sectional Study.
1116. Artificial Intelligence in Pharmaceutical Care: Transforming Drug Discovery,  Development, and Patient-care Delivery.
1117. Multidimensional Predictors of Disease Severity and Health Outcomes in Patients  with Sickle Cell Disease: A Data-Driven Clinical Insight.
1118. A Delphi Consensus on Optimising the Care Pathway for Adult Patients With Acute  Myeloid Leukaemia (AML): Strategies to Enhance Transplant Accessibility and  Feasibility in the United Kingdom.
1119. Temporal coupling between papillary muscle strain and left ventricular  untwisting during diastole.
1120. Perceived Antecedents of Suicidal Thoughts Among Transgender, Nonbinary, and  Gender-Expansive Black, Indigenous, and Other People of Color.
1121. Develop and validate a fair machine learning model to identify patients with  high data-continuity in electronic health records data.
1122. Using a translational data platform to create clinical-grade genome-informed  risk assessments.
1123. Maize Yield and Economic Response to Integrated Organic and Nitrogen  Fertilization in Gaza Province, Mozambique.
1124. News is not made for me: A novel scale for measuring audience alienation from  news and its outcomes.
1125. Effort and control of pain: a dilemma for patients and providers.
1126. Lived Experience Workforce Perspectives About the Consumers' Experiences of  Safewards in Acute Inpatient Mental Health Units: A Qualitative Exploratory  Study.
1127. Innovative Educational Technologies in Undergraduate Mental Health Nursing  Education: A Scoping Review.
1128. Medications That Regulate Pregnane X Receptor: A Systematic Review of Current  Evidence.
1129. Efficacy of Therapeutic UVC Irradiation in Reducing Bacterial Load in Microbial  Keratitis: A Retrospective Clinical Study in Veterinary Patients.
1130. Perfectionism Profiles Among Hospital Nurses: A Cross-Sectional Validation Study  of a Multidimensional Scale.
1131. Metabolic Reprogramming of Macrophages Plays a Dual Role in Periodontitis: From  Pathogenesis to Therapy.
1132. The Role of Emotional Entitlement, Gratitude, and Social Support in  Psychological Adjustment During Radiotherapy: A Longitudinal Study.
1133. From Evidence to Practice: Implementing the 2026 Canadian Clinical Practice  Guideline Update on Vaccination-Related Distress in the Dutch National  Immunization Program.
1134. HELPinKids&Adults 2026 Guideline Update on Reducing Distress During Vaccine  Injections: Overview of Methods and the Evidence Base.
1135. Calcium Beta-Hydroxy-Beta-Methylbutyrate-Enriched Nutritional Supplementation  During Dietary Weight Loss in Adults With Obesity: A Randomized Controlled  Trial.
1136. Trends of Physical Activity Among Baltic Adolescents Through an Intersectional  Lens: A Repeated Cross-Sectional Study.
1137. Multiancestry and Multitrait GWAS Meta-Analysis on Schizophrenia With a Sample  of 322,321 Unveils Genetic Links to Chronic Lung Diseases.
1138. Long-term follow-up for mothers of children with disability after healthy  mothers healthy families e-workshops.
1139. An Empirical Examination of the Aspen Consensus Criteria's Diagnostic Accuracy  Using the Coma Recovery Scale-Revised Rating Scale Categories: A Rasch  Co-Calibration Analysis.
1140. Lateral Wedge Insoles With and Without Contoured Arch Support for People With  Knee Osteoarthritis and Foot Pain: A Pilot, Feasibility Randomized Controlled  Trial.
1141. Impact of dual antiplatelet therapy duration after percutaneous coronary  intervention on outcomes in acute coronary syndrome patients with and without  chronic kidney disease: a nationwide cohort study.
1142. Combined podocyte, fibrotic and echocardiographic correlates of an operationally  defined subclinical cardiorenal phenotype in chronic kidney disease: an  exploratory study.
1143. Trends in ritodrine prescriptions among pregnant women in Japan: a nationwide  descriptive analysis of an administrative hospital database from 2015 to 2024.
1144. Corrigendum to "Chronic sarpogrelate treatment improves renal sympathetic  hyperactivity in experimental diabetes"[Biomed. Pharmacother. 176 (2024)  116814].
1145. Corrigendum to "The Sarcoptes scabiei Kazal-type inhibitor SsKaSPI exhibits  elastase-inhibitory activity and modulates neutrophil extracellular trap  formation" [Vet. Parasitol. 346 (2026) 110837].
1146. Ultrasound-Guided Therapies in the Senior Athlete.
1147. Degenerative Spine.
1148. Knee Prosthesis Pre-surgery and Post-surgery Evaluation.
1149. State of the Art Imaging Assessment of Sarcopenia.
1150. The Stigmatization of Caregivers of Children With  Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder: A Systematic Review.
1151. Alexithymia and affective symptoms: A construct level evaluation of the emotion  regulation pathway in a community sample with self-reported psychiatric history.
1152. Neighbourhood environments and depressive symptoms in later life.
1153. Are converging Kaplan-Meier curves evidence of converging treatment effects in  treatment-resistant depression?
1154. Beyond total BDNF: The proBDNF/mBDNF balance in substance use disorders.
1155. Tumor innervation drives cancer cell plasticity and immune evasion through the  SLPI-GZMB axis.
1156. Emergence of Reassortant Crimean-Congo Hemorrhagic fever virus lineages,  Pakistan, 2023-2024.
1157. Ligation-assisted mucosal unroofing and snare resection: a simplified and  cost-effective technique for gastric submucosal tumors.
1158. Bidirectional microbiota-cancer crosstalk: Emerging platforms for advanced  diagnostics and precision therapeutics in oncology.
1159. Self-assembled dual-state emission nanoprobe for hypochlorous acid imaging in  living cells.
1160. New indolin-2-one and isoindoline-1,3-dione derivatives as potential  anti-hepatocellular carcinoma agents targeting VEGFR-2: Synthesis, in vitro, in  vivo, and in silico evaluation.
1161. Overcoming dissolved oxygen dependency in photocatalysis via hole-dominated  oxidation: An ordered-disordered carbon nitride interface strategy for  sulfonamides degradation in hypoxic water.
1162. Per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances in breast milk and child growth trajectories  during the first two years: A prospective birth cohort study in Nanjing, China.
1163. High-throughput computational screening coupled with experimental validation for  designing low-viscosity deep eutectic solvents toward 1,2-Dichloroethane  capture.
1164. Targeting LIG1 to overcome oxaliplatin resistance by inducing PANoptosis in  colorectal cancer.
1165. Long-term outcomes and exploratory analysis from a randomized phase 3 trial of  radiation dose escalation in definitive chemoradiotherapy for locally advanced  esophageal squamous cell carcinoma.
1166. Clonal diversity and trend of methicillin-resistant/susceptible Staphylococcus  aureus (MRSA/MSSA) from a tertiary care hospital in Myanmar: Increase in  ST6-IVa/t304 and identification of notable clones ST22-PT, ST2885-ETA, and  ST2990-ETE.
1167. TRUE-MOGAD Score: A Novel Scoring System to Identify MOGAD Among Positive  MOG-IgG Test Results.
1168. Long-Term Ravulizumab Efficacy and Safety in AQP4 Antibody-Positive  Neuromyelitis Optica Spectrum Disorder: Final CHAMPION-NMOSD Results.
1169. Geometry controls momentum flux in the sprinkler problem.
1170. Canadian Network for Mood and Anxiety Treatments (CANMAT) and International  College of Obsessive-Compulsive Spectrum Disorders (ICOCS) 2025 international  guidelines for the management of patients with obsessive-compulsive disorder.
1171. Mental contrasting prevents a negative future by changing the explicit and  implicit meaning of reality.
1172. Intrinsic capacity: Making health the core outcome of Healthspan research.
1173. Association of methylmalonic acid with erectile dysfunction and the mediating  role of endothelial activation: a population-based study of NHANES 2001-2004.
1174. Serial drilling technique for sequential subtrochanteric femur fracture fixation  in pediatric osteopetrosis: a technical report.
1175. Comparing outcomes of acetabular fracture fixation in early career versus  experienced orthopaedic trauma surgeons.
1176. Beyond adaptive immunity: Functional diversity of the type III-A CRISPR-Cas  system in Mycobacterium tuberculosis.
1177. Water and Gas Exchange Responses of Five Related Blueberry Species (Ericaceae  spp.) to the Dry Season in the High-Andean Forest of the Colombian Eastern  Cordillera.
1178. A γ-radiation-responsive diselenide-core micelle for on-demand delivery of  cannabidiol in the mitigation of acute radiation injury.
1179. OATP1A2 mRNA downregulation in canine hepatocellular carcinoma.
1180. Neutrophil-targeted nanoparticles delivering sivelestat alleviate cerebral  ischemia-reperfusion injury by suppressing NETosis.
1181. Detecting Adverse Events Following Acute Care Encounters among Veterans  Prescribed Non-Steroidal Anti-Inflammatory Drugs.
1182. An extrarenal renin-producing tumor associated with a 3 cm mature cystic  teratoma.
1183. Intramuscular plasmid DNA electroporation sequesters neoantigen-specific CD8(+)  T cells in treated muscle and limits tumor infiltration.
1184. Perioperative blood pressure and hematoma risk after gender-affirming  mastectomy.
1185. Postoperative Nausea and Vomiting After Deep Sedation for Radiofrequency  Catheter Ablation in Pediatric Patients.
1186. Hybridization of fuzzy logic based relevance vector and multi kernel image  enhancement for Alzheimer's disease diagnosis.
1187. Radiotherapy and AAV-based immunotherapy: A new alliance for cancer treatment.
1188. High resolution cryo-EM structure of the Pseudomonas aeruginosa OprM multidrug  efflux pump provides target for rational inhibitor design.
1189. The impact of psychological user characteristics on adherence to an mHealth  intervention among women in their postpartum period.
1190. Augmenting CAR T cell functionality and metabolism through CD39 downtuning.
1191. Impact of pre-operative dementia or cognitive impairment on outcomes after  elective primary total shoulder arthroplasty.
1192. Experimental characterization data for battery modules with parallel-connected  cells across diverse module-level state of health and cell-to-cell variations.
1193. Engineering oral celastrol-polysaccharide supramolecular nanoassemblies across  intestinal barriers for the intervention of nonalcoholic steatohepatitis.
1194. mRNA CAR T cells promote tolerable, tunable therapy in preclinical high grade  glioma models.
1195. Survival outcomes of radiotherapy alone versus concurrent chemoradiotherapy in  T1-2 head and neck cancer with low-volume disease: A multicenter cohort study.
1196. A curated image dataset for sapodilla fruit (Manilkara zapota) disease and fruit  quality analysis.
1197. Comparison of liver T1 estimates generated by breath-hold 3D FSPGR and  free-breathing 3D radial stack-of-stars FSPGR variable flip angle T1 mapping  sequences.
1198. Labeled dataset of Sentinel-1 SAR imagery Despeckled with multitemporal fusions.
1199. Standardized terrestrial laser scanning dataset of forests: 3D point clouds and  tree-level attributes from 121 plots across five European regions.
1200. Response to the Letter to the Editor Entitled "Diagnostic Latency and Unmeasured  Disease Severity In Male Lupus Nephritis".
1201. MUVY: A multi-view user-generated sports video dataset.
1202. A benchmark dataset for machine learning-based prediction of hydrogen evolution  efficiency from GLFO-catalyzed sucrose photocatalysis.
1203. Mind the gap: Pilot of the FastAsleep digital insomnia intervention in simple  English for linguistic minorities in Sweden.
1204. Introducing cardiology in numbers.
1205. Italian Adaptation and Psychometric Validation of the Evidence-Based Practice  (EBP) Competency Scale.
1206. Dyslexia, School-Connectedness, Depression, and Anxiety During the Transition  From Primary to Secondary School.
1207. Bridging gaps in community cancer care: exploring Traditional Health  Practitioners' perceptions of common adult cancer and their role in raising  community awareness and early detection in Soweto, South Africa.
1208. The effects of illness perceptions, self-efficacy and mental wellbeing on uptake  and completion of a diabetes prevention programme in England.
1209. Influence of adrenomedullin on the enzymatic activity of dipeptidyl peptidase 3  in vitro.
1210. Optimizing Antihypertensive Care for Tanzanians Living With HIV: Effectiveness  Outcomes From the COACH Pilot Trial.
1211. Selected phlebological abstracts.
1212. Analysis of efficacy and safety of transarterial embolization sequential  microwave ablation for hepatic hemangioma.
1213. Evaluation of muscle strength recovery following reverse total shoulder  arthroplasty versus superior capsular reconstruction using tensor fascia lata  graft in patients with irreparable rotator cuff tears.
1214. Response to the Letter to the Editor Entitled "Strengthening Causal  Interpretation: Home Blood Pressure Phenotypes and Cardiovascular Remodeling in  Hemodialysis".
1215. Pheochromocytoma unmasked by rapid deterioration of previously stable type 2  diabetes.
1216. A silent tumor, a loud valve: carcinoid heart disease as the first manifestation  of a pelvic neuroendocrine tumor.
1217. Thyroid eye disease with teprotumumab-related hyperglycemia associated with  increased growth hormone secretion.
1218. A case of vitamin D-dependent rickets type 2A presenting with hypophosphatemia  without hypocalcemia.
1219. Molecular mechanisms of ANKH function and regulation in skeletal mineralization.
1220. Sequential release of N-butylphthalide via multifunctional hydrogel for rapid  neuroprotection and sustained neural repair after traumatic brain injury.
1221. Occult sentinel lymph node metastasis detected by intraoperative ex vivo  high-frequency ultrasound in clinically early-stage cervical cancer: a case from  the prospective RHINOCERUS study.
1222. Effect of once-daily ICS/LAMA/LABA triple therapy versus ICS/LABA on respiratory  symptoms (E-RS: Asthma): Analysis of the phase IIIA CAPTAIN trial.
1223. Best of 2025-Thoracic and thoracoabdominal aneurysms and dissections.
1224. Chromatin accessibility of the jejunum in two high-yielding laying hen strains  under divergent mineral phosphorus supply during the transition to egg laying.
1225. Dietary riboflavin blocks the cGAS-STING pathway to curb hypoxia-induced hepatic  inflammation in sub-adult grass carp (Ctenopharyngodon idella).
1226. A rapid yolk-sac serum extraction method for quantifying maternal IgY of  individual birds.
1227. Stable yet shifting: Early toxin dynamics in typical and atypical  clownfish-anemone symbioses.
1228. A bibliometric analysis of medication studies in congenital heart disease.
1229. US race/ethnic disparities in diabetes technologies: a systematic review and  meta-analysis of 950 000 individuals.
1230. Sociodemographic Determinants of Timely Hip Dysplasia Ultrasound Screening.
1231. Species-specific microbial dynamics are associated with molecular compositional  restructuring of free metabolites during Light-flavor Baijiu fermentation.
1232. Nurse-parent communication and interaction during caregiving events in  single-family room neonatal intensive care units.
1233. From Waste to Wealth: Single-Atom Catalysts for Green Ammonia Synthesis via  Nitrate Electroreduction.
1234. [Retracted] Kevetrin induces apoptosis in TP53 wild‑type and mutant acute  myeloid leukemia cells.
1235. Experiential Learning and Educational Competence Among Registered Dietitians in  Japanese Hospitals: A Nationwide Cross-Sectional Study.
1236. Dynamics of Fear-Generalization Processes and Their Predictive Value for the  Development of Anxiety-Related Psychopathology in Adolescents and Adults: A  Study Protocol for a Longitudinal Study.
1237. Trends in Mortality After the Roll-Out of Directly Acting Antivirals for  Hepatitis C in England Using Linked Surveillance Data.
1238. Music-Based Interventions in Clinical Pharmacy Practice: A Narrative Review of  Mechanisms, Evidence, and a Framework for Integration.
1239. Pediatric In-Hospital Cardiac Arrest in Sweden: A Tertiary Care Cohort With High  Survival.
1240. Assessing the HIV prevention needs of transgender men and non-binary people who  have sex with men: an analysis of repeated, cross-sectional behavioural  surveillance, 2019-2023.
1241. A systematic review of forward simulation-based methods for point-source water  pollution localization.
1242. Etomidate combined with TAPB in ovarian cancer surgery: A controlled study on  hemodynamics and immune response.
1243. Tagetes patula L. flower methanolic extract exhibited beneficial actions against  hepatocellular carcinoma via induction of apoptosis.
1244. Effect of quercetin on aconitine-induced renal interstitial fibrosis and its  relationship with PI3K/Akt pathway.
1245. The impact of alcohol-based and chlorhexidine-based disinfectants on hand  microorganisms, skin tolerance and nosocomial infections among healthcare  workers.
1246. Study on retinal pharmacokinetic characteristics and precision drug  administration strategy in patients with fundus diseases.
1247. Advances in ex vivo mRNA-based gene transfer for cell-based cancer  immunotherapy.
1248. Enhanced measures to quantify gait and balance impairment in degenerative  cervical myelopathy: A prospective cohort study.
1249. Open abdomen negative pressure wound therapy for intractable hemorrhage in  advanced abdominal pregnancy: a case report.
1250. Overcoming social determinants: World trade center health program monitoring use  among the general responders.
1251. Associations between smoking-induced deprivation, cigarette purchase price, and  coupon use among California adults ages 18-64, 2022-2023.
1252. Curcumin relieves gas explosion-induced brain injury via TLR4-mediated M2  polarization of microglia.
1253. Factors influencing delayed removal from middle school, high school, and  collegiate competition following sport-related concussion.
1254. ESR1 and PIK3CA circulating tumor DNA (ctDNA) mutation status as predictive  biomarkers beyond variant allele fraction (VAF) in metastatic breast cancer.
1255. Synchronous pineal and suprasellar pineoblastoma in a child mimicking bifocal  germinoma.
1256. Syphilitic descending aortic aneurysm presenting with characteristic double-ring  sign on CT: Radiologic-pathologic correlation.
1257. Retrograde migration of a fractured plastic biliary stent fragment after  percutaneous displacement into the bowel in a patient with hepaticojejunostomy  requiring repeat percutaneous retrieval.
1258. Accidental fish bone ingestion complicated by gastric abscess: A case report.
1259. Inflammatory Myofibroblastic Tumour of the Liver: Experience From a Specialised  Paediatric Liver Centre.
1260. Combined Wide Resection and Bioabsorbable Spacer Placement for High-Dose  Postoperative Radiation Therapy in Retroperitoneal Dedifferentiated Liposarcoma:  Considerations Regarding Metallic Coil Artifacts.
1261. Recurrent epithelioid trophoblastic tumor with complete response after surgery,  chemotherapy, and immunotherapy: A case report and literature review.
1262. A Human Pharmacogenomics Approach Provides Insight Into the Pathogenesis and  Pathophysiology of Steroid-Induced Ocular Hypertension.
1263. Correlation between Antiretinal Antibodies and OCT Manifestations in  Nonparaneoplastic Autoimmune Retinopathy.
1264. Quantitative Analysis of Retinal Fluid by a Deep Learning Model in Uveitic  Macular Edema.
1265. Macular Layer Thickness with Spectral-Domain and High-Resolution OCT.
1266. TRP matters: a pilot study on expression of mRNA in the parotid glands and their  benign tumors.
1267. Clinical pathological changes in prostate cancer patients after hormonal  therapy: A single-center pilot study.
1268. Pediatric Phthiriasis Palpebrarum: A French Multicentric Retrospective Study of  20 Cases.
1269. Integrative optical genome mapping and long-read sequencing dissect a pathogenic  complex structural variant in a multigenerational Chinese retinitis pigmentosa  pedigree.
1270. Prochlorperazine dimaleate elicits antiproliferative activity of gastric cancer  cells via inhibiting the PI3K/AKT/mTOR signaling pathway.
1271. AP2B1, a protein involved in endocytic trafficking, is associated with  congenital heart defects when mutated.
1272. Proteomic profiling identifies SMARCA1 as a stage-specific epigenetic regulator  of colorectal cancer metastasis through MMP modulation.
1273. A blended intervention for adjustment disorder: Results from a feasibility  trial.
1274. Prevalence and correlates of 24-hour movement behaviors among Thai preschoolers.
1275. A hybrid CNN-GNN and multitask learning pipeline for improving mild diabetic  retinopathy sensitivity.
1276. Advances and perspectives of functional nanomaterials in scavenging reactive  oxygen species for acute kidney injury.
1277. Swallowing Muscle Ultrasonography in Children With Cerebral Palsy and Dysphagia:  A Cross-Sectional Study.
1278. Career choice and entry-level educational experiences of Filipino occupational  therapy graduates: Implications for workforce development.
1279. 'Doing dying well': Positive narratives of specialist palliative care  occupational therapy from Ireland-based practitioners.
1280. Motherhood as an occupation in the perinatal period: A scoping review of  practices, theoretical frameworks, and concepts used in occupational therapy.
1281. Endolymphatic duct blockage for Ménière's disease: a double-blind, randomised  controlled trial.
1282. Refractory perioral dermatitis treated with baricitinib: A case report and  literature review.
1283. Retiform purpura as the clinical indicator of vascular occlusion after  intra-articular knee viscosupplementation.
1284. Forecasting seasonal allergic rhinitis through integrated analysis of social  media and online drug sales data.
1285. Ten-day decitabine vs "3+7" in patients with AML aged ≥60 years: long-term  results of the randomized phase 3 EORTC trial AML21.
1286. Agentic artificial intelligence in medicine and biomedical research: A primer  and framework for clinicians and researchers.
1287. Initial efforts of translational development of AAV-encoded Na(V)iPA1 for  peripherally targeted analgesia in neuropathic pain.
1288. Rapamycin nanoparticles mitigate anti-AAV antibody formation in a mouse model of  ornithine transcarbamylase deficiency.
1289. Porcine intestinal goblet cells: Guardians of mucosal immunity and barrier  function.
1290. Brain mechanisms supporting mindfulness-based chronic pain relief: A randomized,  sham-mindfulness meditation controlled mechanistic clinical trial protocol.
1291. Reporting of second-generation p-values, Bayes factors and fragility indices in  trials enhances assessment of clinical importance beyond p-values: a  meta-epidemiologic study.
1292. Development of a benchmarking dataset for symptom detection using large language  models.
1293. Hybrid Thoracoscopic-Endocardial Versus Endocardial Catheter Ablation for  Persistent Atrial Fibrillation: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
1294. Preclinical development of engineered biomaterial-based artificial bladder  demonstrating core functions in a large-animal orthotopic model.
1295. Lubricious anti-adhesive interface prevents friction, biofilm, and encrustation  in long-term indwelling ureteral stents.
1296. Tumor acid-triggered sericin prodrug colloidal system for enhanced photodynamic  and ferroptosis therapy of breast cancer.
1297. Proteome-informed interrogation of a methanogenic archaeon links stress response  mechanisms with microbial performance and robustness during biomethanation.
1298. Design of a fast broadband RF switch for multi-nuclear NMR in lithium-ion  batteries.
1299. In vivo targeted MRS detection of 2-hydroxyglutarate molecules in IDH-mutant  gliomas via spin regulation.
1300. A designed fusion tag improves soluble expression of nanobody in E. coli.
1301. Strangulated Ileus Caused by Clips Used for Closure of an Appendiceal Endoscopic  Submucosal Dissection Perforation: A Case Report.
1302. Development of hepatopancreatic arterial-dominant phase (HPAP) images using  partial downslope injection technique and application to evaluation of  pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma.
1303. Feasibility of opportunistic screening for preserved ratio impaired spirometry  using chest radiography-based deep learning models.
1304. Antinephrin Antibodies in IgAN: Toward a Phenotype-Driven, Personalized  Approach.
1305. Pragmatic Clinical Trial of Fostamatinib as Second-Line Therapy in Adult  Patients With Immune Thrombocytopenia and Insufficient Response to Prior  Therapy: The Fostamatinib FORTE Trial.
1306. Substaging and Stratified Treatment of T1 Bladder Cancer - a Nationwide  Register-Based Study.
1307. Postvoid Residual Thresholds Used to Define Chronic Urinary Retention: A  Systematic Review.
1308. Mapping the structure of an emerging field: A scientometric decoding of large  language model applications in the dental field.
1309. Left frontal activity measured by fNIRS during a verbal memory task is modulated  by predictability in cognitively healthy older adults.
1310. Achilles tendon allograft implantation for anterior axillary fold reconstruction  in Poland syndrome.
1311. Experimental study on the effects of dexmedetomidine via the mTOR signaling  pathway on cognitive function in POCD rats after partial hepatectomy.
1312. Pharmacokinetic interaction between evodiamine and doxofylline in rats.
1313. Liposomal nanoparticle-encapsulated polyphenolic vitamins activate ferroptosis  in glioma cells by suppressing the EGFR/NOTCH1/Hes1 pathway.
1314. Correlation study of serum vitamin K and Gas6 levels with aortic arch  calcification and left ventricular hypertrophy in maintenance hemodialysis  patients.
1315. Chitosan-enhanced mucoadhesive delivery for local action: Salivary  pharmacokinetic estimation.
1316. Corrigendum to "Enhanced prognostic score for breast cancer brain metastases  incorporating contemporary clinical features and leptomeningeal disease:  development and validation" [The Breast 88 (2026) 104826].
1317. Measuring healthy ageing: development and validation of a multidomain Healthy  Ageing Index in the Korean Longitudinal Healthy Ageing Study (KLHAS).
1318. Th1/Th2 cytokine imbalance with novel IL-17F elevation in Iraqi  transfusion-dependent beta-thalassemia: a dual-platform diagnostic study.
1319. Pyrogallic acid triggers a cascade from suppression of photosynthesis and  proliferation to PCD‑like in Microcystis aeruginosa.
1320. A multi-tracer approach to assess land-use impacts on urban streams in  silicate-dominated watersheds, South Korea.
1321. Design, synthesis, and activity evaluation of novel arylpyrrolidinones NMT  antifungal inhibitors.
1322. Biofilm mediated arsenic migration and transformation in groundwater under the  influence of dissolved organic matter.
1323. A short-trip combination method for reconstructing real-world NOx emission  indicators from irregular OBD telematics of heavy-duty diesel vehicles.
1324. Connect to protect: evaluating fentanyl overdose prevention education among  parents and caregivers.
1325. What drives generational differences in subjective well-being? A machine  learning study of Chinese migrant workers in the Yangtze River Delta.
1326. Validation of the UCSD Performance-Based Skills Assessment (UPSA) for functional  evaluation of people with severe mental illness in Hong Kong.
1327. Aerobic conditioning and ginsenoside modulation modify molecular resilience in  middle-aged rats: Differential effects of individual and combined interventions.
1328. Glycodeoxycholic and deoxycholic bile acids impair recognition and spatial  memory in adult mice, and reduce central CREB-BDNF signaling and cytokine  expression with neuroanatomical specificity.
1329. Critical amino acid residues in the N-terminal domain of NADPH-dependent  assimilatory sulfite reductase flavoprotein mediate octameric assembly.
1330. Masmali and Rolando Scales in Distinct Brachycephalic Dogs: Healthy or Unhealthy  Tears?
1331. Molecular evidence of neuroinvasive Sindbis virus infection in humans: detection  in cerebrospinal fluid by next generation sequencing.
1332. Evaluation of long-term healthcare utilization and costs associated with  COVID-19 among adults and children in the US.
1333. Bioremediation and heavy metal recovery from e-waste through enrichment and  identification of effective bacterial isolates.
1334. Fuel-maintenance coupling reprograms mitochondrial homeostasis to enable  peripheral nerve regeneration.
1335. pH-responsive microgels containing multifunctional ginsenoside Rh2-based  liposomes remodel intestinal environment to enhance celastrol therapy for  ulcerative colitis.
1336. Risk of selected immune-mediated inflammatory diseases after solid organ  transplantation in a Korean nationwide cohort.
1337. High-frequency met-ocean observation dataset derived from the low-cost Marine  Automatic Weather Station (MAWAS) platform at the Cirebon Coastal Area,  Indonesia.
1338. Dataset on informal recyclable waste aggregators ('Đồng nát') in Hanoi, Vietnam.
1339. A single-echo/multi-echo BOLD fMRI test-retest dataset.
1340. A unique dataset of immunological and bacteriological test results from  experimental infection of European badgers (Meles meles) with Mycobacterium  bovis.
1341. Cyano-modulated Zn(II)-Schiff base complexes for lysosome-targeted fluorescence  imaging and pH-responsive camptothecin delivery.
1342. Prevalence and risk factors of hypertensive disorders during pregnancy in  Somalia: A multilevel analysis of the 2020 Demographic and Health Survey.
1343. Scabies outbreak management in a vulnerable elderly population: Evidence from  northeastern Iran.
1344. The impact of knee positioning on joint space width change: Data from the  Osteoarthritis Initiative.
1345. Actigraphy-derived sleep patterns in children and adolescents with persistent  post-concussion symptoms: An exploratory study.
1346. Epidemiology and containment of the first Marburg virus disease outbreak in  Ethiopia in 2025: A retrospective descriptive study.
1347. Metastasizing pleomorphic adenoma of the parotid gland: A case report with  multimodal imaging and histopathological correlation.
1348. Acute fatal delayed subdural hemorrhage diagnosed with head computed tomography  scan 19 days after hospital admission: A case report.
1349. Predictors for failed same-day discharge after total shoulder arthroplasty.
1350. Body mass index and the acute hospitalization period considerations after  traumatic spinal cord injury: A national database analysis.
1351. Awareness, use and future interest in cytisine for smoking cessation in adults  who smoke or have quit within the past year in the UK: A mixed-methods study.
1352. Lymphocyte-to-C-reactive protein ratio as a clinically feasible  nutrition-inflammation marker for predicting outcomes in patients with gastric  cancer.
1353. Adaptation of a routine immunoassay analyser for TSH measurement in dried blood  spot and volumetric microsampling (Capitainer B50): evaluation for thyroid  function testing in adults.
1354. Leveraging artificial intelligence to streamline documentation and support  patient-centered gynecologic oncology outpatient visits.
1355. Impact of patient neighborhood area deprivation index on prognostic factors and  outcomes in endometrioid adenocarcinoma of the endometrium: a retrospective  multi-center healthcare network analysis.
1356. SGLT2 inhibitors after transcatheter aortic valve implantation: a systematic  review and exploratory meta-analysis.
1357. Cesarean Scar Implantation in the Evolution of Placenta Accreta Spectrum:  Implications for Recognition and Clinical Management.
1358. Renal cortical T1 times at 1.5 T: exploratory reference estimates from a  real-world cohort with preserved renal function.
1359. Imaging in the postpartum period.
1360. Associations between dual use of combustible cigarettes and electronic nicotine  delivery systems and allergic rhinitis: An analysis of KNHANES data.
1361. Clinical expressions, disease course, quality of life, and resilience in  subgroups of patients with angioedema.
1362. Dietary arginine modulates growth performance and testicular development across  life stages in male swimming crab (Portunus trituberculatus).
1363. Triglyceride-glucose index as a predictor of body composition changes in  patients undergoing bariatric surgery.
1364. Histopathological Advantages of En Bloc Resection in Non-muscle-invasive Bladder  Cancer: A Multinational Randomised Controlled Clinical Trial.
1365. Autistic Symptoms and Empathy in Adolescents With Disruptive Mood Dysregulation  and Those With Bipolar Disorders.
1366. Heterogeneous Organocatalytic Synthesis of Propargylic Esters Using a  Polymer-Supported N-Heterocyclic Carbene.
1367. Colorectal cancer landscape from gut microbiota: Insights into mutations,  epigenetic dysregulation, and immune microenvironment alterations.
1368. Network pharmacology combined with molecular docking to investigate the  potential role of curcumin targeting TGR5 to modulate the GLP-1 pathway in T2DM  with obesity.
1369. Dose-response relationship between growth hormone treatment and the development  of scoliosis in children with short stature.
1370. Evaluating general parent-adolescent relations as a context for daily  relationship processes and adolescent mood.
1371. A Retrospective Evaluation of a Pharmacist-Driven Urgent Care Microbiology  Review Program.
1372. Temporal trends and global comparison of the burden of thalassemia in China: an  analysis of the Global Burden Of Disease Study 2021.
1373. Beyond Bedside Implementation: Why Procurement and Vendor Management Matter for  Sustainable AI.
1374. Corrigendum to "A case study of Lepiota brunneoincarnata poisoning with  endoscopic nasobiliary drainage in Shandong, China" [Toxicon 161C (2019) 12-16].
1375. Corrigendum to "Refined fully automated RT-qPCR assay for simultaneous detection  of SARS-CoV-2, Influenza A/B, and RSV with target optimization for improved  variant resilience" [J. Clin. Virol. 183 (2026), 105924].
1376. Mind-wandering content in major depressive disorder: A preregistered secondary  analysis.
1377. Characterization and clinical prioritization of neurotoxicity-related safety  signals associated with lithium and haloperidol co-administration: A  pharmacovigilance study based on FAERS.
1378. Genomic risk distribution, adjuvant chemotherapy trends, and survival outcomes  in women with pT1, grade 1-2, ER/PR-positive, LVI-negative breast cancer.
1379. Predictors of food waste quantities and composition: A nationwide diary study of  Swiss households.
1380. Procedure for generating high-resolution gamma spectra using Monte Carlo  modelling and spectrum post-processing.
1381. The equivalent volume method for gamma spectrometry calibration: A new method  bridging the gap between distributed and point sources.
1382. Crying spells as the initial presentation of anti-NMDAR encephalitis.
1383. Deep amplicon sequencing screening benzimidazole resistance associated specific  single nucleotide polymorphisms in isotype-1 β-tubulin from trichostrongyloids  on ruminant farms in northeast Germany.
1384. Historical climate change reshapes the thermal niche of Rhipicephalus sanguineus  s.l. (Acari: Ixodidae) under uncertainty.
1385. Identification of three novel overlapping epitopes within the immunodominant  region of ASFV p30 protein facilitates development of a competitive ELISA for  antibody detection.
1386. The role of learning motivation in linking regulatory emotional self-efficacy to  professional identity among vocational medical students: A universal pathway  across active and passive major choices.
1387. Developing and validating the English Classroom Teaching Enjoyment Scale for  Chinese senior high school teachers.
1388. Migration behavior and immobilization mechanism of petroleum contaminants in  soil under coupled gas-thermal conditions.
1389. Collapse mechanisms and recovery strategies of anaerobic systems treating coal  chemical wastewater.
1390. Gestational exposure to PP-NPs promotes premature placental ageing through  global reprogramming of the trophoblast phosphoproteome.
1391. New insight into mercury sources and trophic transfer in the Bohai Sea food web  using carbon, nitrogen, and mercury stable isotopes.
1392. Microplastic transport regulated by land use, point source and tidal forces in a  coastal river-estuary system.
1393. Resolving polymeric nanoplastics in human cumulus cells by synchrotron X-ray  fluorescence and light nano-imaging.
1394. Full-volatility characterization of ROC emissions from industrial coatings  reveals a mass-hazard decoupling driven by emerging toxicants.
1395. Synthesis, characterization, and antibacterial activity of novel hybrid  purine-triazole Schiff base derivatives.
1396. Insights into novel benzo[h]quinoline-based 2-thioxothiazolidin-4-one and  thiazol-4-one hybrids as potential antimicrobial, and antibiofilm candidates:  Design, synthesis, molecular modeling, and in-silico ADME studies.
1397. Vagus Nerve Hypertrophy in Chronic Inflammatory Demyelinating Polyneuropathy  Presenting With Vocal Cord Palsy.
1398. Visit-to-Visit Blood Pressure Variability and Cerebral White Matter Lesion  Progression: A Pooled Individual Patient Data Analysis of 2 Trials.
1399. Development of an Artificial Intelligence-Driven Three-Dimensional  Reconstruction Model of Renal Vasculature for Surgical Planning in  Robot-Assisted Partial Nephrectomy.
1400. Genetic and enzymatic basis of xylooligosaccharide metabolism by Bifidobacterium  longum.
1401. Single-cell sequencing profiling of intratumoral heterogeneity and  immunosuppressive microenvironment in primary thyroid cancer and lymph node  metastases.
1402. Normal Reference Range of the Urinary Calcium/Creatinine Ratio in Healthy  Children.
1403. Repeal the Congressional Review Act.
1404. Real-world effectiveness of HPV vaccination against high-risk type HPV DNA  positivity among adult women aged 18 - 45years in China: A matched test-negative  design study.
1405. Music making and wellbeing: A systematic review of methods, musical activities,  and outcomes.
1406. A‑Raf: A serine/threonine protein kinase with important biological functions  (Review).
1407. Risk Without Values: Including Indigenous Perspectives in Climate Risk  Assessments.
1408. [Retracted] Synergistic cytotoxic effects of inorganic phosphate and  chemotherapeutic drugs on human osteosarcoma cells.
1409. [Retracted] β‑catenin signaling induces the osteoblastogenic differentiation of  human pre‑osteoblastic and bone marrow stromal cells mainly through the  upregulation of osterix expression.
1410. Protective effects of Astragaloside IV on various liver diseases: From chemistry  to herbal medicines (Review).
1411. Enhancing machine learning-based binder design with high-throughput screening: A  comparison of mRNA and yeast display technologies.
1412. Workaholism, Mindfulness, and Work-Related Quality of Life Among Nursing  Educators in Saudi Nursing Colleges: A Multisite Cross-Sectional Study.
1413. Structural and functional benchmarking of monolayer- and bioreactor-generated  hiPSC-derived cardiomyocytes.
1414. MRI-guided endovascular robotics: A roadmap to MRI-native systems.
1415. Severe psoriasis relapse following tralokinumab therapy for atopic dermatitis.
1416. Primary cutaneous follicle center B-cell lymphoma, spindle cell type, arising in  background localized lichen myxedematosus: A potential novel association.
1417. AI-Driven Multidimensional Phenotyping for Variant Classification in Rare  Neurogenetic Disorders.
1418. Application of Pseudomonas mosselii PR5 Enables Fertilizer Reduction in Rice  While Maintaining Yield, Grain Quality, and Soil Nutrient Dynamics.
1419. Patterns and predictors of clinician use of interoperability tools.
1420. Scent rhythms in twilight-flowering Passiflora pohlii: osmophore structure and  terpenoid volatiles.
1421. Linguistics and human brain: a perspective of computational neuroscience.
1422. Speech-based depression detection using higher-order spectral features and a  multi-level transformer.
1423. Extracellular water to total body water ratio as a predictor of all-cause  mortality in type 2 diabetes.
1424. Burden of non-communicable diseases by Socio-demographic Index: a national and  subnational analysis in Iran.
1425. Magnolol mitigates neuroinflammation via NF-κB/IL-6/IL-1β pathways in  AlCl₃-induced Alzheimer's disease: insights from in-vivo and in-silico  investigations.
1426. A Longitudinal Cohort Study of the Costs of Adolescent Obesity Into Young  Adulthood.
1427. Evaluation of Surface Acoustic Wave Nebulization for NEMS Mass Spectrometry.
1428. RINAMI: Residue-attributed interpretable neural network for predicting absolute  folding free energy by merging structure and sequence information.
1429. Multiple machine learning models for predicting major adverse cardiovascular  events in dialysis with clinical and echocardiographic parameters: a  retrospective cohort study.
1430. The Impact of Mimicry on Tobacco Addiction.
1431. Ebola virus and Sudan virus infection in humans: a comparison to inform vaccine  research and development.
1432. Evolution of N-terminal mechanical lability as a determinant for Type III  secretion.
1433. A Tale of Two Cell Lines: Characterization of Differential Efficacy of Small  Molecule Drugs Cediranib and NU-7441 on Primary Versus Metastatic Colorectal  Cancer.
1434. By Design: Health Systems Facing Challenges.
1435. Cardiomyocyte-specific depletion of integrin α3 preserves cardiac function after  myocardial infarction.
1436. CDK4/6 inhibition induces a senescence-associated secretory phenotype via  delayed NF-κB activation.
1437. Economic and Workforce Benefits of Advanced Practice Providers in Urogynecology.
1438. A novel antifungal potential protein of Bacillus subtilis-fermented Gracilaria  agar-processing wastewater: identification, mechanism, regulation and  applications in citrus protection.
1439. Taxonomic and functional analysis of type I sourdough microbiota after long-term  cryopreservation and subsequent reactivation.
1440. Microbiota-liver axis and host transcriptomic mechanisms underlying the  anti-obesity effects of Bifidobacterium animalis DPU-MWFBA in early-life  overfeeding.
1441. Endogenous 6-phospho-β-glucosidase overexpression in Lactiplantibacillus  plantarum modulates selective enrichment of bioactive and volatile metabolites  in black tea extract.
1442. Biological control of fungal spoilage in fruit: Mechanisms, microbial  interactions, and implications for food quality.
1443. Degradation of ethyl carbamate by Lichtheimia ramosa EC-2 from Baijiu Daqu:  Optimization, metabolites, and key enzymes.
1444. Prevalence of Listeria spp. on food contact surfaces in commercial cherry  packinghouses in Washington and California.
1445. Mechanistic insights into acid-induced viable but non-culturable state formation  regulated by asr in Escherichia coli O157:H7: roles of intracellular protein  aggregation.
1446. Discovery of a novel Lactiplantibacillus phage enhancing flavor compound  production in high-temperature Daqu.
1447. Comparative genomics and phenotypes of Listeria monocytogenes isolated from  enoki mushrooms in South Korea and China.
1448. A transcription Factor-sRNA cascade enhances acid tolerance in Lactococcus  lactis by rewiring arginine metabolism.
1449. Selenium fortification influences aroma formation in cider fermentation:  Insights from multidimensional flavor analysis and gene expression profiling.
1450. Molecular mechanism of the multi-copper oxidase biosynthesis gene PdFET5  affecting the pathogenicity of Penicillium digitatum to citrus.
1451. Environmental modulation of cytotoxicity and virulence factor stability in  psychrotolerant Bacillus cereus group isolates.
1452. Unraveling taste enhancement mechanism of yeast-inoculated reduced-salt  fermented sausage: Proteolysis, taste compound formation, and receptor binding  of potential salty/salty taste-enhancing peptides.
1453. Cross-feeding and stress response are the basis of increased fruitiness and  leavening capacity of a new consortium of the sourdough microorganisms  Companilactobacillus crustorum and Wickerhamomyces anomalus.
1454. New insights into the resistome-mobilome-biofilm relationship in Vibrio  parahaemolyticus.
1455. Microbial succession and spoilage dynamics revealed by multi-omics in Norway  lobster (Nephrops norvegicus) during ice storage.
1456. Atopic Dermatitis: The Era of Excellence in Care.
1457. Exploring the Association Between Atopic Dermatitis and Malignancy: A  Comprehensive Review with Therapeutic Strategies.
1458. Management of Atopic Hand Dermatitis.
1459. Special Considerations in Atopic Dermatitis in Young Children.
1460. Contact Allergy Screening for Atopic Dermatitis.
1461. Timing of Food Introduction and Allergy Prevention: An Update.
1462. Adjunctive Management of Itch in Atopic Dermatitis.
1463. Topical Therapy for Atopic Dermatitis: What is New and the New Paradigm.
1464. Patient Burden of Atopic Dermatitis and Opportunities for Real-World  Self-Monitoring.
1465. It's like panem et circense: Evolving life themes and constructing a continuous  sense of self in the transition out of elite sport.
1466. Melatonin promotes coronary angiogenesis and ameliorates cardiac dysfunction  after myocardial infarction via endothelial LRRC8A.
1467. HLA-DRB1*03 and HLA-DRB1*04 alleles in patients infected with dengue virus in  Burkina Faso.
1468. Molecular characterization of circulating mumps virus in Kerala, 2024-2025.
1469. Editor's Corner: Regulatory mechanisms of MYB transcription factors in anther  development.
1470. Prediction of remission of major depressive disorder from the alternative DSM-5  model of personality disorders.
1471. Cognitive performance modulates regional brain age differences in clinical  anxiety and depression.
1472. Local translation controls early reactive changes in perisynaptic astrocyte  processes at pre-symptomatic stages of Alzheimer's disease.
1473. Ludangshen oral liquid ameliorates cyclophosphamide-induced immunosuppression in  mice: Insights from metabolomic, gut microbiota, and multi-omics correlation  analyses.
1474. Methionine restriction plus vitamin B12 antagonism overcomes methionine  independence for cancer therapy.
1475. Mapping dementia risk factors and their interactions in Denmark: a nationwide  cohort study.
1476. Expression and characterization of acetylxylan esterase 2 from Fusarium  graminearum.
1477. A broken power-law model of heart rate variability spectra in sleep.
1478. Non-invasive urinary heteroplasmy screening outperforms blood testing for  certain mitochondrial DNA variants in mitochondrial disease patients.
1479. Eating disorders.
1480. Pneumococcal carriage and serotype distribution among residents and healthcare  workers in long-term care facilities in Japan during the COVID-19 pandemic.
1481. Unraveling jasmonic acid-mediated mitigation of 6PPD toxicity in tomato plants  using multi-omics approaches.
1482. Accumulation and temporal trends (2002-2023) of legacy and emerging persistent  organic pollutants in common dolphins (Delphinus delphis) from Korean coastal  waters.
1483. Fuel-governed structure trait and emission potential of environmentally  persistent free radicals from coking and metallurgical industry zones.
1484. Brachyspira hyodysenteriae enriched by maternal deoxynivalenol exposure impairs  lactation and offspring growth via the bacterial extracellular vesicle-mediated  gut-mammary gland axis.
1485. Towards a combined skin cancer treatment: the macrocyclic effect of  pillar[5]arene containing 6-mercaptopurine fragments, integrated with an  exfoliating serine protease and 5-fluorouracil.
1486. Exploring chalcone-based azo dyes as potential carbonic anhydrase-I/II  inhibitors through experimental and computational studies.
1487. Antitumor efficacy of repurposed phenformin in preclinical models of epithelial  ovarian cancer.
1488. Your pain, my gain: Schadenfreude as a driving mechanism of online "liking"  behavior.
1489. Understanding the impact of sports influencer attributes on follower attitudes  and purchase behavior in India.
1490. Minimalism and ethical decision-making: The roles of moral identity and  psychological well-being.
1491. Executive function and Chinese preschoolers' early mathematical skills: The  indirect role of patterning and spatial skills.
1492. Sex-specific temporal symptom networks in gaming disorder - depression  comorbidity: longitudinal validation of the I-PACE model.
1493. γ-shielding performance and irradiation-induced changes of CeO(2)-barite  concrete.
1494. Endovascular embolization as a stand-alone strategy for brain arteriovenous  malformations in a middle-income country: A 10-year single-institution  experience.
1495. Sex-specific vulnerabilities in cannabis-induced psychosis: A scoping review.
1496. A Treatable Metabolic Cause of Selective Corticospinal Tractopathy.
1497. Immune evasion in locally advanced mismatch repair-deficient microsatellite  instability-high colorectal cancer: Reduced T-cell infiltration and upregulation  of epithelial IDO1 expression.
1498. Beyond the gut: the multisite microbiota and its emerging role in brain health.
1499. Thermal petiole wounding triggers trap closure in Dionaea muscipula.
1500. Between duty and constraint: a qualitative systematic review of healthcare  providers' ethical challenges and moral stressors in caring for undocumented  migrants.
1501. Humans homozygous for rare or common hypomorphic IL23R variants are prone to  tuberculosis.
1502. Targeted Neurosurgical Interventions: The Role of Neuroimaging in High-Intensity  Focused Ultrasound, Laser Interstitial Thermal Therapy, and Deep Brain  Stimulation.
1503. Invited Commentary: Sharper than a Scalpel: How Imaging Redefines What It Means  to Operate on the Brain.
1504. ADAR1 loss-of-function variants altering RNA editing define a new  interferon-dependent psoriasis subtype.
1505. Cardiology in numbers: coronary artery disease in the Netherlands.
1506. Let's watch and focus on this: The effects of advance organizers on young  children's learning from prosocial and science, technology, engineering, and  mathematics (STEM) digital narratives.
1507. Longitudinal Patterns of Chronic Hepatitis B Care and Treatment Adherence in  Australia: A National Linked Data Cohort Study.
1508. The Role of Gut Microbiota in Liver Regeneration After Partial Hepatectomy: New  Evidence From Animal and Human Studies.
1509. Socio-ecological factors associated with becoming street-connected among working  and homeless children and youth in Namibia.
1510. Are the Best Worth the Wait? Physician Quality Scores and Access Delays.
1511. Evaluating the Efficacy of an Online Community Helper Training Program Living  Works Start.
1512. Derivatization-Enabled Detection of Formalin From Preserved Tissues Using Coated  Blade Spray Mass Spectrometry.
1513. NEPRO forms fibrous scaffolds in the nucleolus to maintain nucleolar integrity  and orchestrate ribosome biogenesis.
1514. Dorso-Ventral and Night-Day Regulation of Extracellular K(+) Dynamics in Mouse  Hippocampal Astrocytes.
1515. Correction to "Bidirectional relations between early adolescents' moral judgment  of aggression and defending behaviors: The moderating role of victimization  experiences".
1516. Interactive segmentation of membrane and membrane-mimic densities in cryo-EM  maps.
1517. Investigating the Relationship Between Suicide Risk and Warning Signs Within  China and the United States: Using Machine Learning to Facilitate Content  Analysis.
1518. Distal ulna physeal fracture Salter-Harris type IV versus cleft ulnar epiphysis:  Two pediatric case report.
1519. AI as a peer reviewer: who and how evaluate manuscript value?
1520. Association between fibroblast activation protein α expression and immune  environment in gastric cancer.
1521. Sestrin-2: a new biomarker for type 2 Diabetes Mellitus and Insulin resistance.
1522. A dataset of in vitro aroma release kinetics performed with proton transfer  reaction-time of flight- mass spectrometry (PTR-ToF-MS).
1523. Multi-source dataset of NO(2) and PM from mobile and fixed sensors in Rouen  (France).
1524. Predicted protein-protein interactions between sugar beet root maggot trypsins  and sugar beet Kunitz trypsin inhibitors using deep learning.
1525. Autologous Fat Grafting to Prevent Erosion and Pain Over Neuromodulation  Hardware: Technical Case Series.
1526. Comparison of Bilateral and Unilateral Chronic Subdural Hematomas: A  Retrospective Multi-institutional Cohort Study.
1527. Inhibitory HLA-C/KIR2DL2 Interactions and KIR Allelic Polymorphisms Are  Associated With Susceptibility to Philadelphia Chromosome-Negative  Myeloproliferative Neoplasms.
1528. Successful Treatment of Adult Epstein-Barr Virus-Associated Hemophagocytic  Lymphohistiocytosis With Etoposide Guided by Plasma Epstein-Barr Virus DNA  Monitoring: A Case Report.
1529. Computational phenotyping of sexually transmitted infections with the All of Us  Research Program from 2010 to 2023.
1530. User-centered design of a patient-generated health data mobile application for  primary care visits for older adults with chronic pain.
1531. Two-Year Changes in Astigmatism in Myopic Children Wearing  Lenslet-ARray-Integrated Spectacle Lenses.
1532. Impact of Prenatal Nutrition Interventions on Infant Longitudinal Growth: A  Secondary Analysis of the Mumta Pregnant Women Trial in Pakistan.
1533. Mapping family involvement in music therapy for children and adolescents with  cancer: a scoping review.
1534. Randomized phase-II trial of surufatinib plus FOLFOX/FOLFIRI versus FOLFOXIRI as  second-line therapy for metastatic colorectal cancer.
1535. What if the Risk Manager is Malevolent?
1536. Effects of serotonergic pharmacological manipulation on exercise performance and  central fatigue: a systematic review and three-level meta-analysis.
1537. The gut microbiome and mitochondrial function in metabolism, immunity, and  disease.
1538. Modulation of the response to immunotherapy in triple-negative breast cancer:  the role of the microbiota and microbial metabolites in the tumor  microenvironment.
1539. Non-absorbable antibiotics worsen alcohol-associated liver disease in gastric  acid-suppressed mice.
1540. Association of Intraoperative Fluid Exposure with Time to First Flatus after  Laparoscopic Radical Resection for Colorectal Cancer: A Retrospective Cohort  Study.
1541. Mesotherapy With Lidocaine and Ketamine in Complex Regional Pain Syndrome Type  1: A Randomized Double-Blind Trial.
1542. Integrated multi-omics analysis identifies prognostic risk genes and constructs  a predictive signature in diffuse large B-cell lymphoma.
1543. Psychometric Properties of Patient-Reported Outcome Measures Assessing Shoulder  Function in Athletes: A Systematic Review.
1544. The Effect of Micronutrient Intake and Supplementation on Prevalent  Diabetes-Related Foot Ulcer and Incident Hospitalisation for Diabetes-Related  Foot Ulcer in Type 2 Diabetes: The Fremantle Diabetes Study Phase 2.
1545. Standard Model Imaging in the Brain and Spinal Cord of MS Patients: Initial  Assessment and Comparison to Diffusion Tensor Imaging.
1546. Predicting antibody self-association with sequence-structure fusion models: the  central role of CSI-BLI in early developability screening.
1547. Corrigendum to "Synthesis of novel spiro-isoxazolidino hybrids of alantolactone  and isoalantolactone via 1,3 dipolar nitrone cycloaddition and its antimicrobial  evaluation" [Bioorganic Chemistry 154 (2025) 108087].
1548. The efficacy of brachytherapy with radioactive (125)I therapy in pancreatic  cancer.
1549. Use of Intravenous Immunoglobulin Therapy for Small Fiber Neuropathy: A  Systematic Review of Current Clinical Evidence.
1550. GPR17+ Oligodendrocyte Lineage Cells Regulate the Critical Period of Brain  Development Through Novel Chondroitin Sulfate-Rich Structures.
1551. Cell chirality in cancer: Emerging roles in malignant progression and tumor  metastasis.
1552. Mutation-specific cellular mechanisms in Drosophila models of ATL1-associated  hereditary spastic paraplegia.
1553. Seizure-induced apnea causes sudden death independent of cortical spike wave  discharge in mouse models of Tuberous Sclerosis Complex.
1554. The Glymphatic system: A key mechanism linking sleep to brain health and  diseases.
1555. Endocrine and metabolic dysregulation as potential contributors to disease  progression in major depressive disorder: Mechanisms and therapeutic  implications-A review.
1556. Conjointly-created parent and coach motivational climate profiles: Adolescent  athletes' goal orientations, enjoyment, and stress.
1557. Resveratrol inhibits the NLRP3 inflammasome pathway and enhances the resistance  of chickens to Pasteurella multocida.
1558. Salicylate esters inhibit human and rat 11β-Hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase type 2:  Mechanistic insights from enzyme kinetics, SPR, and molecular modeling.
1559. Effects of total sleep deprivation and light therapy on resting-state activity  and neurovascular coupling in bipolar depression.
1560. Ebola: lessons from the past.
1561. Correction to Lancet Gastroenterol Hepatol 2026; 11: 546-49.
1562. Correction to Lancet Gastroenterol Hepatol 2025; 10: 998-1012.
1563. Drugging the undruggable in pancreatic cancer.
1564. Genetics and Screening for the General Surgeon.
1565. Role of Genetics in Gynecologic Malignancies.
1566. The Genetics and Screening of Gastroenteropancreatic Neuroendocrine Tumors and  Adrenal Tumors.
1567. Pancreatic Cancer: Genetics, Screening, Prevention, and Treatment.
1568. Role of Genetics in Gastric Malignancy: Screening, Prevention and Treatment.
1569. The Genetics of Familial Neoplastic Thyroid Disease and Primary  Hyperparathyroidism.
1570. IS481-based pertussis positivity transition from preschool to school-aged  children and the ptxP3 predominance in high-load subset: a digital platform  surveillance study in China.
1571. Coordination engineering upcycles hazardous nickel complexes into FO draw  solutes: Proof-of-concept for electroplating wastewater treatment.
1572. Unleashing the prospects of nanomaterials in the treatment of autoimmune and  inflammatory diseases.
1573. Engineering oxovanadium(IV)-gold nanorod nanoconjugates (VO@AuNRs) for enhanced  mitochondria-targeted photodynamic cancer therapy in red-light.
1574. Semi-analytical modeling of multispecies radionuclide decay chain transport in  heterogeneous aquifers using the Temporally Relaxed Theory (TRT).
1575. Long-term performance, configuration, and field challenges of permeable reactive  barriers: Potential use in fluoride and nutrient affected regions.
1576. Development and validation of a machine learning model for predicting  intracranial atherosclerotic disease in large vessel occlusion prior to  endovascular therapy.
1577. Corrigendum to 'Breast implant explantation with mastopexy in patients using  GLP-1 receptor agonists: A retrospective comparative analysis' [J Plast,  Reconstr & Aesthet Surg 111 (2025) 76-85].
1578. Temporal trends in admission volume of midface fractures depending on mechanism  of injury in the United States.
1579. After hours: surgical end-time and postoperative complications in head and neck  microvascular reconstruction.
1580. Muscle synergy adaptation with fatigue development in constant-power cycling.
1581. Potent and isoform-selective PARP1 degraders for the treatment of BRCA-deficient  cancers.
1582. Population structure of the mitochondrial cytochrome b gene region and  microbiological analysis of cyst fluids from Coenurus cerebralis and hydatid  cysts obtained from sheep in the Southeastern Anatolia Region of Türkiye.
1583. Investigation of radiochemical procedures for the sequential separation of Pu,  Am, and Cm in radioactive waste with alpha spectrometry.
1584. Effectiveness in Remineralizing White Spot Lesions in Primary Teeth With  Varnishes: A Systematic Review.
1585. The Dual Role of the Gut Microbiota in Cancer Chemoresistance.
1586. The Cost of Early Onset Dementia: Income Trajectories Across Diagnostic  Subtypes.
1587. Implicit Bias and Microaggressions in the Care of People With Prolonged  Disorders of Consciousness: Bridging Medicine, Disability Studies, and Family  Advocacy.
1588. Discovery of ALA-hydroxypyridinone hybrids: novel strategies for photodynamic  therapy against superficial tumours.
1589. Changes in Bullying Victimization Among High School Students in the United  States, 2009-2023: Role of the COVID-19 Pandemic.
1590. Active Learning With Peer-to-Peer Health Communication in School Health  Education and Student Behavior Change: A Scoping Review.
1591. In search of existential health in Swedish primary care: perspectives from older  adults who took part in an existential group treatment.
1592. Genes Associated With Fracture Risk in Thoroughbred Horses Have Novel Roles in  Osteogenesis.
1593. [Far more than a dress code: more women, new leadership styles : Rethinking  leadership in medicine-perspectives of the German Medical Women's Association].
1594. Best practices in `0 K' DFT energy calculations on molecular crystal structures.
1595. Computational design of blue melanin by motif-scaffolding a pentapeptide-repeat  protein.
1596. Differential Development of Object and Location Processing is a Critical Factor  to a Child's Passing or Failing Explicit False-Belief Tasks.
1597. Integrating Spiritual Care Teaching Within the Australian Medical Curriculum.
1598. Gastric Metastasis of Uterine Leiomyosarcoma Detected During Surveillance  Endoscopy and Resected by Endoscopic Submucosal Dissection After Multiple  Metachronous Metastases: A Case Report.
1599. Time to Confirmed Completion of Bowel Preparation as a Preprocedural Indicator  of Colonoscope Insertion Difficulty: A Prospective Observational Study.
1600. The effect of exercise on clinical pain: a systematic umbrella review and  meta-meta-analysis.
1601. Development of a core outcome set for clinical trials of extended reality for  pain.
1602. IL35 Production After Living-donor Renal Transplantation: Relevance to Local,  Exosome-mediated, Clinical Tolerance.
1603. Photocatalytic and anticancer potentials of green-synthesized neodymium-doped  zinc oxide nanoparticles.
1604. USP5 inhibits osteogenic differentiation but promotes oxidative stress and  M1-like macrophage polarization of human periodontal ligament stem cells via  deubiquitinating and stabilizing RIPK1: insights from in vitro and in vivo  analyses.
1605. The preservation of francolite-associated sulfate in lingulid brachiopods.
1606. PixelDeck: A local-first media library manager for biomedical imaging.
1607. Maternal education-related inequality in female genital mutilation/cutting among  daughters aged 0-14 years in three East African countries: DHS data from  2016-2022.
1608. Response to the Letter to the Editor: "Re: Risk Factors for Dysfunctional Liver  Graft Response: A Case-Control Study".
1609. Turnover Intentions Among Intensive Care Healthcare Workers: Key Factors  Influencing Decisions to Stay or Leave.
1610. Safety monitoring of bivalent, quadrivalent, and 9-valent human papillomavirus  vaccination in Japan: The vaccine effectiveness, networking, and universal  safety (VENUS) study.
1611. [THE POPULATION MORTALITY IN THE CITY OF OZERSK: DYNAMICS AND STRUCTURE OVER 74  YEARS].
1612. [THE PROBLEMS OF IMPLEMENTATION OF THE NEW WORK STANDARDS OF INFECTIOLOGISTS].
1613. [THE BLOGOSPHERE AS SPACE OF PHYSICIAN-PATIENT COMMUNICATION].
1614. [THE SUBJECTIVE ESTIMATES OF QUALITY OF LIFE OF URBAN POPULATION OF PROVINCIAL  REGION THROUGH THE PRISM OF SATISFACTION OF HEALTH CARE SYSTEM].
1615. [THE CENTERS OF FEMALE HEALTH: INTERNATIONAL EXPERIENCE AND THE MOSCOW  INNOVATIVE MODEL].
1616. [THE EPISTEMOLOGY OF PSYCHIATRY: DISPOSITIF OF KNOWLEDGE AND PROFESSIONAL WORK].
1617. [THE TRANSFORMATION OF LABOR ACTIVITY OF MEDICAL WORKERS IN CONDITIONS OF  DIGITIZATION OF HEALTH CARE].
1618. [THE CHARACTERISTICS OF COURSE OF PREGNANCY RESULTED FROM EXTRA-CORPOREAL  IMPREGNATION AGAINST THE BACKGROUND OF GESTATIONAL DIABETES MELLITUS DEPENDING  ON TERMS OF MANIFESTATION].
1619. The occupational therapy role in acute psychiatric inpatient units in Australia:  A mixed methods study.
1620. Targeting the Organ-Brain Axis: The Modulatory Role of Peripheral Organs in  Depression.
1621. Chemokines in Alzheimer's Disease: Early Defence, Late Damage and the Impact of  Sex and Infection.
1622. Dapirolizumab pegol improves SLE disease activity in phase III trial.
1623. Chronic Calf Pain Due to Osteoid Osteoma.
1624. Impact of acute kidney injury in different ECMO modalities: a multicenter  retrospective study on risk factors and mortality.
1625. Corrigendum to "Lipophilic recombinant-protein insertion endows lymphocytes with  enhanced targeting-infiltration ability in EGFR positive cancer" [Cell. Immunol.  365 (2021) 104376].
1626. Corrigendum to "A systematic review of the clinical utility of retinal optical  coherence tomography in childhood acquired demyelinating syndromes" [Multiple  Sclerosis and Related Disorders 111 (2026) 107206].
1627. Female neuroanatomy and its relevance to multiple sclerosis.
1628. Improving Resident Knowledge of Artificial Intelligence Ethics and Prompting for  Clinical Use.
1629. Identification of genes directly regulated by LvBlimp1 in shrimp macrophage-like  phagocytes.
1630. Hydroxyurea promotes brain development in children with sickle cell anemia.
1631. Detecting natural selection by parsimony method without inferring ancestral  sequences in hemagglutinin of influenza A virus A(H1N1)pdm09.
1632. Mechanism of injury influences early microbial trajectories and infection  pathways in open fractures: A 16S rDNA study.
1633. Crossover frequency as a model-independent viscoelastic constant for soft tissue  biomechanics.
1634. Three-dimensional distal humerus morphometry using an axis-constrained reference  framework: Sexual dimorphism and articular scaling.
1635. Localization of the motor entry point of the adductor pollicis muscle using  surface landmarks for safe and effective botulinum toxin injection  administration.
1636. Lived experience and global health architecture reform: from afterthought to  cornerstone.
1637. Endoscopic ultrasound guided bypass of malignant afferent limb obstruction with  an electrocautery-enhanced lumen‑apposing metal stent.
1638. Impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on ischemic stroke hospitalizations and  in-hospital outcomes in the United States: A survey-weighted cohort with  predictive modeling.
1639. Prediction of 90-day mortality after acute ischemic stroke using the National  Institutes of Health Stroke Scale alone.
1640. AI-Augmented marketing decision-making and competitive performance: A  resource-based view of capability orchestration.
1641. Migration and transformation of organic carbon and nutrients in rice straw  during hydrothermal cracking.
1642. Dissolved organic matter composition influences catalytic oxidation behavior and  product evolution in real water matrices.
1643. Impact of fulvic acid on copper exposure in Ulva prolifera: Integrative insights  from growth, physiology, transcriptomics, and physico-chemical characteristics.
1644. Gut dysbiosis and Escherichia coli-associated enrichment of antibiotic  resistance genes in diarrheal yak calves.
1645. Cadmium disrupts the immune antibacterial function of the freshwater crab  Sinopotamon henanense via the Toll/proPO-AS pathway.
1646. Hydride-Meisenheimer metabolism in mammals - scope of an overlooked  biotransformation pathway.
1647. The Application of AI in Cancer MDT and its Legal Implication.
1648. Re: "Disease or non-disease - about the identification of metabolic conditions  that require no treatment".
1649. Bimetallic Anilinopyridinate ruthenium(II,III) complexes: Synthesis,  characterisation, and in vitro selective cytotoxicity towards MCF-7 breast  cancer cells.
1650. A conceptual framework to dissect emergent functions in microbial communities.
1651. From diabetic foot to dementia: A neurovascular continuum linking systemic  diabetic vasculopathy, cerebral small vessel disease, and glymphatic  dysfunction.
1652. Evolution, hibernation, and inactivation of voltage-gated Na channels.
1653. Mapping the synovial immune ecosystem in rheumatoid arthritis: cellular  cartography and pathotype-guided immune restoration.
1654. Genetic Testing for Epilepsy in Adults: How Do We Close the Gap?
1655. Blended active instruction and exam stress: what are we truly reducing?
1656. Reevaluating the role of TRPV6 deficiency in human and mouse pancreatitis.
1657. Recent advances in functional studies of coronavirus NSP13 helicase and  challenges in inhibitor development.
1658. Intercellular mitochondrial transfer and trans-mitophagy in response to protein  import dysfunction.
1659. aPKC exclusion from the apical cortex in enteroblasts maintains stem cell  homeostasis in Drosophila.
1660. Validity of the Translated Turkish Version of the Tool for Nutrition Risk  Screening for Paediatric Cancer.
1661. Successful Management of Roemheld Syndrome as an Unusual Cause of Motor  Dysphagia in an Adolescent Girl.
1662. Probable Dopamine-Induced Transient Vasomotor Rash in a Neonate Undergoing  Therapeutic Hypothermia.
1663. Speech sensorimotor adaptation in young adult cochlear implant users with early  implantation.
1664. Peer-delivered combined EMD and imagery rescripting for traumatized Chinese  university students: a RCT.
1665. A Prospective Observational Study of Anamorelin During Chemoimmunotherapy in  Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer With Cachexia (SPIRAL-ANA).
1666. Isolation of Bacteria and Fungi from Human Pancreatic Tumors and Duodenum.
1667. Developmental Unity and Cultural Variation in Forms of Metarepresentational  False Belief Understanding.
1668. Symmetric vertex- and edge-transitive 3-periodic nets.
1669. Nuclear mechanotransduction: tools for mechanical perturbation and chromatin  characterization.
1670. Personal Recovery Profiles in Chinese Carers of Children and Young People With  Mental Illness: A CHIME Framework-Based Study.
1671. Cumulative Adverse Childhood Experiences and Multiple Neurodevelopmental  Disorders in Children and Adolescents: A Population-Based Study.
1672. An integrated review of monkeypox: from pathogen and epidemiology to  diagnostics, control, and challenges.
1673. Occupational resilience: Scoping review of conceptualisations and applications  in contexts of adversity.
1674. The ISAG 2024/2025 Forensic Comparison Test: A Curated Pilot Dataset for  Domestic Animal Forensic Genetics.
1675. Seeing Beyond 68GA-DOTANOC and 18F-FDG PET/CT: 68GA-FAPI Only Uptake in a Rare  Metastatic Well-differentiated Grade I Pancreatic Neuroendocrine Tumor.
1676. Similar Findings on 18F-FDG PET/CT and 68Ga-DOTATATE PET/CT in a Patient With  Extraskeletal Ewing Sarcoma.
1677. Lupus Lymphadenitis With Intense Pentixafor Avidity But Absent FDG Uptake.
1678. Commentary on: 'Revisiting guidelines for global plastic and reconstructive  surgical initiatives: Recommendations from a scoping review of two decades of  published evidence'.
1679. Mechanism of Compound Xinyi Nasal Drops in the Treatment of Allergic Rhinitis  Through STAT3/IL-17A/NF-κB Signaling Pathway Based on Network Pharmacology and  Experimental Verification.
1680. DiffMethylTools: a toolbox for the detection, annotation, and visualization of  differential methylation.
1681. Microalgal co-cultivation meets media recycling: A pathway to serum and  amino-acid reduction in cultivated meat.
1682. Genomics-driven risk assessment of antimicrobial resistance: Current status,  challenges, and future perspectives.
1683. Genomic and phenotypic analysis of stress-tolerant, aroma-producing yeast  screened under low-a(w), low-moisture content for low-salt chili fermentation.
1684. Controlled regulation of endogenous enzymatic browning reshapes gel network  formation and functional properties of edible insect Antheraea pernyi pupa  protein.
1685. A comparative analysis of protein oxidation, digestibility and metabolite  profiles in animal-based and plant-based chicken nuggets.
1686. Strain-dependent bioactive-lipid interactions govern oxidative stability and  antimicrobial functionality in Lentinula edodes.
1687. Use of Lacticaseibacillus rhamnosus LRB in high-protein multifunctional  fermented milk targeted for older adults.
1688. Food-derived antimicrobial peptides: advances in sources, mechanisms,  structure-activity relationships, and AI-assisted design.
1689. Synergistic self-assembly of white beeswax and carnauba wax in Zanthoxylum  bungeanum oil oleogels: Enhanced structural stability and controlled flavor  release.
1690. Integrated bioprocess for the co-production of endo-β-1,4-xylanase and  xylo-oligosaccharides from banana peel waste.
1691. Exploring the potential of green nanomaterials: An ecofriendly approach for  sustainable agriculture, food safety and environmental pollution control.
1692. Multiclass pesticide residues in grapes and grape products: occurrence,  analytical advances, and food safety implications.
1693. How drying technologies shape digestive fate of polyphenols in fruits and  vegetables: A critical evaluation.
1694. Synergistic inhibition mechanism of slightly acidic electrolyzed water combined  with ε-polylysine hydrochloride against Pseudomonas fluorescens.
1695. Spectroscopic insights and comparative kinetic analysis of citral release from  thermoplastic starch-PBAT films.
1696. Modulation of sunflower seed protein structure and functionality by chlorogenic  acid interaction and stepwise dephenolization.
1697. Functional and technical fat systems from Tucumã pulp oil and kernel fat through  dry fractionation and blending.
1698. Protein-based carriers for food bioactive delivery: gastrointestinal barriers,  structural design, and bioavailability-oriented engineering.
1699. Combined contamination of nanoplastics and diethyl phthalate compromises  nutritional quality and triggers metabolic reprogramming in rye: Implications  for food safety.
1700. Synergistic micro-nano bubble treatment via high-speed vortex and ultrasound  enhances quality and safety of lettuce and cherry tomatoes.
1701. Janus barrier films of shellac/chitosan with natamycin for photoprotective  on-demand antifungal release and starch metabolism regulation in kiwifruit  preservation.
1702. Analysis of the antibacterial mechanism and antivirulence efficacies of citral  against Shewanella putrefaciens and Pseudomonas fluorescens in mono- and  co-culture.
1703. Multi-omics integration of flavor metabolome and lipidome elucidates  1-methylcyclopropene effects on postharvest quality in yellow-fleshed peach at  30 °C.
1704. Comparative evaluation of low-temperature storage strategies for fresh beef:  Insights into physicochemical quality, microstructure, and bacterial community.
1705. Wet-heating induced Maillard reaction between abalone protein hydrolysates and  pectin with degree of methoxylation: Enhancing structural and functional  properties.
1706. Modulating rheological properties and gastric emptying behavior of high internal  phase emulsions via oleogelation: Influence of crystal morphology.
1707. Sources of Bias in Clinical Artificial Intelligence and Applications in  Rheumatology.
1708. Toward Bridging the Gap from Artificial Intelligence in Clinical Research to  Clinical Practice in Rheumatology: The Mayo Experience.
1709. Anti-metastatic effects of emodin-8-O-β-D-glucopyranoside in breast cancer:  Targeting EMT, MMPs, and angiogenesis.
1710. Dissection of spatial hypoxic and inflammatory ecosystem in glioblastoma.
1711. CDKN1A protects medium spiny neurons from Huntington's disease pathology.
1712. Phylogenomic structure and resistance profiles of clinical Proteus mirabilis  from a Thai hospital.
1713. Transcriptome analysis of African swine fever virus I9R-mediated modulation of  host antiviral immunity.
1714. Association between TyG-FI and depressive symptom trajectories in middle-aged  and older adults: interaction with cognitive function and mediation analysis of  sleep quality.
1715. Is residual diuresis a reliable proxy of creatinine clearance for titrating the  proper beta-lactam dosing regimen in septic critical OLT recipients undergoing  CRRT?
1716. Authors reply: "VExUS-ED: Early venous congestion is associated with clinical  fluid overload in patients with sepsis".
1717. Ultrasound-responsive nanodroplets activate the Hippo pathway via ROS-MST1-YAP  cascade for breast cancer therapy.
1718. Preparation, in vitro evaluation, and biodistribution study of a novel  PSMA-targeted radioligand.
1719. A novel anionic-nonionic Gemini surfactant SANG 13 for high-efficiency flushing  remediation of halogenated hydrocarbon contaminated aquifers.
1720. Anthropometric indices with high sensitivity for moderate-to-severe obstructive  sleep Apnea: A sex-stratified diagnostic accuracy study based on the ESADA  cohort.
1721. Restless legs syndrome determines whether periodic limb movements are associated  with altered lipid profiles in sleep-disordered breathing.
1722. Multi-phase fate and removal mechanism of acetamiprid in a planted coastal  wetland mesocosm system: A 'dual-engine' perspective.
1723. A cross-cultural adaptation and content validity assessment of the Czech Version  Kiddy-KINDL Questionnaire.
1724. Chatbot language style matching and reuse intention in service failure: A  communication accommodation theory explanation.
1725. Reactive stress tolerance and reaction speed in the adaptive determination test  as predictors of cadets' combat training performance.
1726. CSR disclosure authenticity in food companies: The moderating effect of consumer  attribution tendencies on trust formation and reputation enhancement pathways.
1727. Clean glass separation from end-of-life photovoltaic modules via photothermal  softening.
1728. Linking nitrogen transformations and soil δ(15)N to assess drivers of nitrogen  losses across a tropical peat swamp forest and an oil palm plantation.
1729. Outbreak of Mycoplasma pneumoniae infection in Lebanon during 2023-2024.
1730. Phenotype, Severity, and Therapy of Patients With LRP4 Antibody-Associated  Myasthenia Gravis in the German Myasthenia Gravis Registry.
1731. Edaravone Dexborneol regulates the endothelial PPARγ-PON1 axis to inhibit  high-cholesterol-induced atherosclerosis.
1732. Characterization of behaviors during food consumption under novelty and threat  learning in male and female rats.
1733. Vaccination practice and safety in children with special health care needs: A  retrospective study of 1278 children.
1734. Regulation of solid tumors by the peripheral nervous system.
1735. Experiences of Children Undergoing Peritoneal Dialysis: A Descriptive  Phenomenological Study.
1736. Role of NADPH oxidase 2-derived reactive oxygen species in cardiac  electrophysiological disorders.
1737. Health Systems Research for a New Era: Launch Editorial.
1738. An experimental study on the role of naloxone in facilitating alcohol metabolism  in acute alcohol intoxication rats.
1739. Do they work, and are they worth it? Proposing a framework of evidence synthesis  for guiding the evidence-based use of add-ons in in vitro fertilisation.
1740. AI-based prediction of aspirin-exacerbated respiratory disease using nasal  epithelial mRNA expression profiles.
1741. A real-world implementation study of a TDM-guided dalbavancin model for bone and  joint infections (101 Dalbatians).
1742. Refined reduction mammaplasty for severe breast hypertrophy: Technique and  outcomes of a modified free nipple-areolar complex graft approach.
1743. The efficacy of botulinum toxin treatment in facial palsy: A systematic review.
1744. Reduced regadenoson dose using heart rate-targeted titration in paediatric  stress perfusion CMR.
1745. Unilateral corneal ectasia following trigeminal schwannoma resection with  chronic neurogenic eye rubbing.
1746. Targeting CD162 for Life-Threatening Cutaneous Chronic Graft-Versus-Host  Disease: A Case Report.
1747. Utility of Flow Cytometry for Prognostic Prediction in Adult T-Cell  Leukemia/Lymphoma.
1748. Population attributable fraction of cardiovascular disease, coronary heart  disease, and stroke associated with insufficient non-occupational physical  activity in Iranian adults: findings from the STEPS 2021 survey.
1749. Impact of obesity and type 2 diabetes on muscle power, quality, and  force-velocity, and their relation to functional capacity.
1750. Agreement between automated and manual scoring of level 3 home sleep apnea  devices: A single-center retrospective study.
1751. Step-by-step En face O red oil method for aortic plaque staining and  quantification in ApoE knockout mouse.
1752. Genomic structural equation modeling elucidates the genetic mechanisms  underlying allostatic load.
1753. Erratum: High-titer modular retroviral vectors enabled by an antisense cassette  design preventing dsRNA formation during virus production.
1754. Effect of Acupuncture and Moxibustion at BL 13 and LU 9 on Pulmonary Function in  Patients with Bronchial Asthma-A Protocol for Randomized Controlled Trial.
1755. European exonerations: Factors and frequencies of wrongful convictions in  Europe.
1756. Sally Clark: Trial and error by Judge and Jury.
1757. Association of wheatgrass (Triticum aestivum) preparation in regulation of  antigen presentation through the immunomodulation and epigenetic modification in  acute leukemia.
1758. Bioremediation of textile effluents by Serratia liquefaciens AM-2 for subsequent  use in crop production.
1759. CCL2 regulates autophagy through the TNF signaling pathway to promote traumatic  brain injury progression.
1760. Antiepileptic potential of salicylhydroxamic acid: genomic, molecular docking,  and functional evaluations in pentylenetetrazole-induced adult zebrafish.
1761. Deciphering bacterial wilt resistance in eggplant: identification of elite  lines, DNA marker validation and transcriptome profiling.
1762. Development and validation of a marital anxiety scale for married patients with  breast cancer of childbearing age.
1763. Circulating Antinephrin Antibodies in Adult Chinese Patients With IgAN and  Nephrotic-Range Proteinuria.
1764. RBM15 enhances ILDR1 n6-methyladenosine methylation to accelerate gastric  adenocarcinoma progression via an IGF2BP3-dependent manner.
1765. Apigenin attenuates hepatocyte senescence in metabolic dysfunction-associated  steatotic liver disease by targeting the TGF-β signaling pathway.
1766. Stillbirth, Neonatal, and Child Mortality in Bangladesh: Progress and Persistent  Public Health Challenges.
1767. Rhizospheric Microbes and Nanoparticles Synergize to Enhance Plant Immune  Responses.
1768. Limited opportunity for nursing students to perform practical nursing skills  during clinical placements: a Scandinavian cross-sectional study.
1769. Association between resilience and nurses' professional autonomy across care  contexts in the post-pandemic period: a nationwide cross-sectional survey in  Japan.
1770. Self-care in children and young people with complex chronic conditions  instrument: development and content validation.
1771. Rethinking the science-stream advantage in early nursing education. Academic  background and psychosocial factors associated with bioscience achievement; a  cross-sectional study.
1772. Influencing factors and early warning indicators for nonvertebral fractures in  patients with Duchenne muscular dystrophy.
1773. Light-assisted 3D bioprinting of tough hydrogels in biomedical applications.
1774. Nanomedicine targeting ECM stiffness: restoring mechanical homeostasis for  cancer immunotherapy.
1775. Engineering manganese-based immune amplifier for chemoimmunotherapy of  peritoneal metastatic colorectal cancer.
1776. Superior hypogastric plexus block - Transdiscal approach.
1777. Cross-study analysis identifies estrogen depletion and exposure duration as key  determinants of bisphenol A transcriptomic potency in MCF-7 cells.
1778. Metacestodosis as a threat for endangered species: a fatal case of  neurocoenurosis in an Apennine chamois (Rupicapra pyrenaica ornata Neumann,  1899) housed in an ex-situ conservation facility within the Monti Sibillini  National Park (Italy).
1779. A novel radiological classification of the distal humerus: morphometric analysis  across two European populations.
1780. Alopecia following solid organ transplant: the Mayo Clinic experience.
1781. Human Papilloma Virus (HPV) prevalence and genotype distribution among women in  Karachi, Pakistan.
1782. Bioengineered Materials for Skull Base Reconstruction-Current Clinical  Applications: Systematic Review and Meta-analysis.
1783. Comparing the Effects of Absorbable versus Nonabsorbable Nasal Packing on  Postoperative Outcomes Following Endoscopic Ventral Skull Base Surgery.
1784. Reduction of Cerebrospinal Fluid Leaks in Idiopathic Intracranial Hypertension  with Glucagon-like Peptide-1 Receptor Agonist Use.
1785. Incorporating AI-Driven Vision Systems to Quantify Learning Curve in EVD  Placement.
1786. LINAC-based Stereotactic Radiotherapy for Acromegaly: A Single-center  Retrospective Cohort.
1787. Patency of the Cavernous Sinus After Medial Wall Resection: An Observational  Study.
1788. Dine in or take out dataset: user behavior in an interactive virtual reality  café.
1789. Heavy commercial vehicles' disposition: Anonymized dataset of German truck  freight transport order trips (DT-DISPO).
1790. Biological applications and future perspectives of bioactive compounds as pig  feed additives.
1791. Orthopedic Provider Accuracy for Ultrasound Detection of Peripheral Nerve  Injuries: A Cadaveric Educational Study.
1792. Association of Neighborhood Socioeconomic Status With Time to Consultation and  Surgery for Carpal Tunnel Syndrome.
1793. Prehabilitation in patients with low physical fitness undergoing colorectal  cancer surgery: a scoping review.
1794. Atrial High-Rate Episodes Mirror Atrial Fibrillation in Stroke Prediction:  Evidence From an Indian Prospective Cohort.
1795. Performance and behavior of dairy calves fed corn silage in the diet during the  pre- and post-weaning periods.
1796. Androgen receptor drives lenvatinib resistance in hepatocellular carcinoma  through transcriptional activation of EIF3I and a downstream ceRNA axis.
1797. Restoration of oxidative stress by HNF4α deletion in VWA8-null hepatocytes.
1798. Primary Ewing sarcoma of the pancreas: A rare extraosseous presentation.
1799. Pulmonary tularemia presenting as bilateral pulmonary nodules during BEP  chemotherapy for testicular embryonal carcinoma: A diagnostic challenge.
1800. Keratocystoma of the Parotid Gland: A Systematic Review of Clinicopathologic  Characteristics.
1801. Comparison of intra-articular injectable polydactyly-derived chondrocyte  sheet-minis with direct transplantation of intact polydactyly-derived  chondrocyte sheets in a rat full-thickness cartilage defect model.
1802. Addressing Obstetric and Gynecologic Needs in Thalassemia.
1803. Epidemiology of dengue fever in Ethiopia: Insights from a systematic review and  meta-analysis.
1804. Adaptive memristor-based LIF neuron circuit for energy efficient SNN crossbar  array.
1805. Impact of risk factor burden and vascular bed involvement on dementia risk in  individuals with established cardiovascular disease.
1806. Rethinking the coronary artery calcium scan: from population averages to  individual realities - visualizing subclinical risk in South Asian adults.
1807. Differences of plaque burden measures on CCTA in younger men and women.
1808. Cardiorenal therapeutics in a polluted world: interpreting treatment benefit in  an environmental context.
1809. Rethinking familial hypercholesterolemia screening: Quantifying missed diagnoses  at the intersection of genetic testing and lipoprotein(a).
1810. Prevention of atherosclerotic coronary artery disease in tactical athletes.
1811. Fibrosis-4 index and cardiac remodelling in the general population: The  STANISLAS and African-PREDICT cohorts.
1812. Revisiting the healthy immigrant effect: Cardiovascular outcomes among US  immigrants in a contemporary national cohort.
1813. The impact of adherence to a DASH diet pattern on pharmacotherapy initiation in  stage 1 hypertension.
1814. Blueprint for adapting the cardiac rehabilitation model for oncology patients  with cardiovascular-kidney-metabolic syndrome.
1815. Demoralization and Illness-Related Communication Among Individuals With Cardiac  Disease: A Dyadic Analysis.
1816. Stapokibart provides significant improvements in signs and symptoms of atopic  dermatitis irrespective of prior systemic treatment: a post-hoc analysis of a  phase 3 trial.
1817. A Qualitative Exploration of Trainee Nurse Practitioners' Experiences and  Readiness to Provide Care for Borderline Personality Disorder in Primary Care.
1818. Early detection of severe fetal growth restriction using multimodal deep  learning based on ultrasound and prenatal biomarkers.
1819. Design, Synthesis, and Biological Evaluation of Chiral Urea and Thiourea  Derivatives as Multitarget-Directed Anti-Alzheimer Agents.
1820. FAQs About the Genetic Counseling Profession: Establishment and Growth Around  the World.
1821. Anticipatory Cortisol Regulation During Competition in Elite Female Field Hockey  Players.
1822. Microtubule-Targeting Drugs Induce Mesenchymal-Epithelial Transition in Hepatic  Stellate Cells.
1823. Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Lactulose for the Prevention and  Treatment of Hepatic Encephalopathy.
1824. Early first-trimester CMV screening in a regional perinatal network: a  multicenter descriptive study.
1825. Penile augmentation procedures: a systematic review and meta-analysis of  techniques, materials, and safety outcomes.
1826. Edge-Grafted Polyarginine Functionalization of Graphene Nanocarriers Maintains  Noncovalent Aromatic Drug Loading.
1827. Exploring the functioning trajectories and associated factors in adolescents  with first-diagnosis major depressive disorder: Evidence from the sBEAD cohort.
1828. Methods for Determining the Number of Mold Fungi in the Air-Current Trends.
1829. ECG arrhythmia classification via wavelet-driven feature extraction and  swarm-optimised gradient boosting.
1830. Cadmium pollution alters the priming effect of biochar application on soil  organic carbon mineralization.
1831. Dithionite-zerovalent iron coupling drives Cu(II)/Cu(I) redox cycling for  persulfate activation and PAH degradation in carbonate-rich water.
1832. Differential degradation pathways of organic matter driven by coastal fronts:  Implications for carbon burial efficiency in the Beibu Gulf.
1833. Salivary oxytocin research clings strongly to early theories, despite new  frameworks attributing versatile roles to the neuropeptide.
1834. Artificial intelligence for sexual, reproductive and maternal health in Latin  America and the Caribbean: a scoping review.
1835. Parabacteroides distasonis alleviates Clostridioides difficile infection in mice  while modulating secondary bile acids.
1836. Clinical immunogenicity and pharmacokinetic assessments of E3112, a recombinant  human hepatocyte growth factor.
1837. Automated carousel-based electrochemical sensing toward microbiological and  oncological settings.
1838. A dual-enzymatic activity/SERS dual-mode sensor array based on BSA-Cu  nanoflowers for sensitive detection of various foodborne pathogens.
1839. A multifunctional aggregation-induced emission-active photochromic probe for  dual-channel Pt(Ⅱ) detection and "light-writing/chemical-erasing" information  encryption.
1840. Defective PdMo metallene with efficient catalase-like activity for sensitive  immunoassay.
1841. Coordination-induced gold nanoparticle assembly for smartphone-enabled detection  of KAT5 activity in circulating tumor cells.
1842. Liquid chromatography-high-resolution mass spectrometry workflow for advanced  detection of target and suspect PMT substances in municipal and food-industry  sludge.
1843. Determination of boiling point distribution and speciation of organic  chlorinated compounds in pyrolysis oil from waste plastics and tires.
1844. Ratiometric near-infrared fluorescent probe for imaging Peroxynitrite fluxes in  rheumatoid arthritis and drug-induced liver injury models.
1845. In-situ growth of covalent organic frameworks on 3D-printed monolithic  microfluidic chips for online analysis of naphthalene and its metabolites in  cells.
1846. Naja atra SVPLA(2) upregulates hexokinase 2-driven macrophage M1 polarization  via the cGAS-STING signaling activation.
1847. Orchestrating AI-based circular business models through platform ecosystems:  Review, framework, and future directions.
1848. Change in diversity patterns of fish by cascade dams: comprehensive dataset of  eDNA and traditional evidence from the Jinsha River.
1849. Microbial valorization of mung bean residues into a slow-release multi-nutrient  biofertilizer via EPS-mediated phosphate biomineralization.
1850. Multi-biomarker evidence for ecotoxicological risk evaluation and management  implications of DEHP-polyethylene co-exposure in saline soils.
1851. Nitrogen in urban stormwater caused as significant algal growth response as  simulated soil erosion runoff despite differences in nitrogen forms.
1852. Preparation of magnetic zwitterionic covalent organic frameworks for rapid  simultaneous extraction of hydrophilic and hydrophobic organophosphates from  environmental waters coupled with UHPLC-MS/MS determination.
1853. Tissue-specific energy trade-off strategies in Mytilus coruscus under combined  stress of nano-TiO(2) and marine heatwaves.
1854. Long-term quality of life after cytoreductive surgery and HIPEC: A survivorship  analysis.
1855. Computational benchmarking of tellurite glasses for photon and fast-neutron  radiation shielding.
1856. Engineering Escherichia coli BL21(DE3) for efficient production of D-allulose  from D-glucose via phosphorylation/epimerization/dephosphorylation pathway.
1857. Intrinsic capacity and the trajectory of ischemic heart disease and its  complications: the mediating role of insulin resistance indices.
1858. Mobility limitation trajectories and longitudinal changes in delayed recall in  midlife and later life: A multicohort study.
1859. Memory for a dinosaur exhibit: retrieval-based practice vs. restudy.
1860. Wnt activation during epileptogenesis prevents pathological immature dentate  granule cell morphological changes in animal models of unilateral and bilateral  temporal lobe epilepsy.
1861. Protective effects of ACF210, a dual GLP-1/APJ receptor agonist, against  cardiovascular-kidney-metabolic syndrome induced by T2D.
1862. Daily patterns of opioid and stimulant use and associated risk-behavior  outcomes: A cohort study.
1863. Electro-osmotic metachronal cilia transport of viscoelastic blood infused with  penta-hybrid nanoparticles in an oviduct: Analytical and neural network  modeling.
1864. Associations between diet quality and multiple chemical exposures.
1865. Effects of early postoperative synbiotic supplementation on gastrointestinal  outcomes after sleeve gastrectomy: A randomized controlled trial.
1866. Dream and nightmare alterations in patients presenting with suicidal crisis: A  prospective study in psychiatric emergency department.
1867. Multi-scale landscapes influence seasonal water quality variations in a  semi-arid basin: Mechanistic insights and threshold-based management.
1868. Relational context shapes interpersonal coordination in naturalistic  interaction.
1869. Objectification at work: The impact of algorithmic management on employee work  engagement.
1870. Artificial neural network modelling using complete blood count for the early  detection of black lung disease among Indonesian coal miner: A retrospective  longitudinal study.
1871. Join AANEM.
1872. Epigenetic Age Accelerations and the Clinical Presentation of Bipolar Disorders:  A Latent Profile Analysis in the FACE-BD Sample.
1873. Describing Psychotic Experiences Through Online Psychosis Screens: A Content  Analysis.
1874. Hegelian Philosophy as a Bridge Between Subjective and Objective Accounts of  Human Suffering.
1875. Managing Asthma Well and Sustainably - Patient Perspectives Explored.
1876. "That's All We Wanted, to Be Heard, Listened to, Just to Be Validated and  Believed": Family Experiences of Advocacy Support in Maternity and Neonatal  Services.
1877. Talking gender, ethnicity race, and change: How mothers scaffold girls' identity  meaning-making during puberty.
1878. Ectopic Bulged Structures in Nkx2-1-KO and FoxE-KO Juveniles of Ciona robusta:  Insights Into the Parallel Gene Regulatory System Before the Evolution of  Thyroid Follicular Cells.
1879. Internalising or Externalising? Latent Profile Identification and Longitudinal  Transitions of Severe Psychological Crisis and Mental Health Problems in College  Students: The Influence of Underlying Psychological Distress.
1880. Driving Better Health: Promoting Healthy Lifestyle Behaviors in Commercial  Drivers.
1881. Hearing Loss and Modifiable Dementia Risk Factors in Adults Aged 50 Years or  Older Living in Tasmania, Australia.
1882. Invasive Procedures for Most Musculoskeletal Conditions Are Not Better Than  Placebo: A Systematic Review With Meta-Analysis.
1883. Cybernetic Dynamics of Autistic Traits: A Temporal Network Analysis Approach to  Plasticity, Stability, and Future-Oriented Adaptations.
1884. Corrigendum to "Choroid plexus enlargement correlates with cognitive impairment  and brain atrophy in patients with mood disorders" [J. Affect. Disord. 379  (2025) 370-378].
1885. [Supportive care needs in patients with incurable cancer: Results of an  integrative data analysis].
1886. Corrigendum to "Bone marrow mesenchymal stem cells senescence induced by LCCP  through activation of cGAS-STING-mediated inflammation" [Ecotoxicol. Environ.  Saf. 294 (2025) 118069].
1887. At the Edge of the Possible: A New Standard for Cardiovascular Critical Care.
1888. Point-of-care Ultrasound after Cardiac Surgery: Understanding the Congestion  Cascade.
1889. Perioperative Extracardiac Management in Low-flow States.
1890. Escalation Strategies in Cardiogenic Shock: From Early Recognition to Advanced  Support.
1891. Post-Treatment Causes of Encephalopathy.
1892. Acute Toxic Leukoencephalopathy: Opioid and other Illicit or Abused Drugs and  Environmental Toxins.
1893. Autoimmune and Paraneoplastic Disorders.
1894. Vascular and Hematologic Disorders.
1895. Metabolic Derangement and Vitamin Deficiencies.
1896. Pathologic Mechanisms of Common Encephalopathic Syndromes.
1897. A critical review of biological control strategies for powdery mildew of bhendi  (Abelmoschus esculentus L.).
1898. AroC as a key virulence factor and live-attenuated vaccine target in Pseudomonas  plecoglossicida.
1899. Aldo-keto reductase family 1 member C3 suppresses Glioma progression via  inhibiting prostaglandin D2-dependent RhoA/ROCK signaling.
1900. GLP-1 receptor agonists in ADPKD: from metabolic rationale to phenotype-enriched  translational testing.
1901. Corrigendum to 'Human-relevant exposure to mixtures of rare earth elements  disrupts T3 homeostasis through impaired synthesis and conversion in human  Thyrocytes' [Toxicology and Applied Pharmacology volume 514 (2026) 117929].
1902. Carbendazim detection in human follicular fluid: Impact on human granulosa cell  function (KGNs and primary cells) and mouse ovarian physiology.
1903. Music-inspired acoustic-piezoelectric stimulation accelerates extracellular  vesicle production and programs therapeutic function.
1904. Long-term trajectories of basal metabolic rate and risk of depressive symptoms:  evidence from three large population-based cohorts.
1905. Anxiety and depression associated oral health problems in pediatric populations:  A systematic review and meta-analysis.
1906. Corrigendum to "Suicidal ideation in the postpartum period: A population-based  study of prevalence and risk factors using data from two national maternity  surveys in England" [J. Affect. Disord. 389 (2025) 119707].
1907. Suicide mortality in Brazil: Post-pandemic excess mortality and spatial  inequalities.
1908. Clonal divergence with acquired BRAF V600E in NSCLC with compound EGFR  G719X/S768I after prolonged EGFR-TKI therapy.
1909. S-layers as natural building blocks for nanobiotechnology and synthetic biology.
1910. sEEGnal: an automated EEG preprocessing pipeline evaluated against expert-driven  preprocessing.
1911. Co-contamination of hybrid microplastics and PFOA/GenX alters rhizosphere  bacterial-fungal communities and root performance of Eichhornia crassipes.
1912. Bisphenol A degradation by Lactiplantibacillus plantarum AM employing Fenton  chemistry.
1913. Dipole driven interfacial coupling in COF/Bi(2)Fe(4)O(9) S-scheme  heterojunctions greatly boosts PMS activation for neonicotinoids degradation.
1914. Tumor-targeted activatable molecular agent for synergistic chemo-photodynamic  therapy.
1915. Computational design and experimental validation of peptide inhibitors targeting  the p53-COP1 interaction to suppress p53 ubiquitination.
1916. Diversity and source-tracking of spoilage molds in bakery products using  MALDI-TOF MS and molecular approaches.
1917. Sex-specific mechanisms of childhood trauma-related HPA axis dysregulation:  Insights across four regulatory probes.
1918. Cadmium-oxytetracycline co-contamination disturbs soil ecology and triggers  plant self-defense mechanisms.
1919. Accessibility and harmonization of biochemical tests for diagnosis and  monitoring of Porphyrias in the United States: Recommendations by members of the  American Porphyrias Expert Collaborative (APEX).
1920. Potential phytoplankton-bacteria mutualism decreases microbial food web  stability in river-reservoir systems.
1921. Interfacial engineering of MnO(2)/Al(2)O(3) catalyst for unique sulfur-promoted  benzene oxidation at mild temperatures.
1922. Clinical and sleep profile of children with specific learning disorders,  attention deficit hyperactivity disorder, or both: a retrospective multicenter  study.
1923. Examining the moderating role of psychological hardiness in the relation between  job demands and teachers' emotional exhaustion.
1924. Effects of multimodal feedback on L2 English learners' lexical stress error  correction: The role of learning style and feedback preference.
1925. The link between father presence and critical thinking disposition of college  students: The mediating role of self-esteem and the moderating role of gender.
1926. Harnessing Multiteam Systems in the Development of a Multifaceted Data  Repository for Emergency Public Health Response.
1927. Deciphering soybean-microbiome interactions: from rhizosphere dynamics to  sustainable yield enhancement.
1928. Encephalomyocarditis virus impairs the blood-brain barrier by degrading tight  junction proteins via AKT3-dependent autophagic and apoptotic pathways.
1929. A secreted AIP-Like peptide from Helcococcus kunzii inhibits the Agr quorum  sensing system of Staphylococcus aureus.
1930. Bilateral Parotid Enlargement as an Initial Manifestation of Pediatric Acute  Lymphoblastic Leukemia.
1931. A Super-Resolution Approach for Astrocyte-Specific Molecular Imaging Reveals the  Nanoscale Distribution of Monoacylglycerol Lipase, the Metabolic Node Between  Endocannabinoid and Prostaglandin Signaling.
1932. First Psychological Aid for Families During War: Integrating the Narrative  Approach With Emotionally Focused Therapy (EFT).
1933. Scaphocephaly as a Novel Phenotypic Feature of WDR83OS-Related  Neurodevelopmental Disorder: A Case Report With a Novel Variant and Literature  Review.
1934. Thoroughbred horses susceptible to recurrent exertional rhabdomyolysis have  elevated skeletal muscle mitochondrial capacities.
1935. Oral Microbial and Metabolic Alterations in Patients With Oral Lichen Planus  Concomitant With Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
1936. Birmingham, 1963.
1937. Risk of Major Malformations Following First-Trimester Exposure to Cariprazine:  Preliminary Data From the MGH National Pregnancy Registry for Psychiatric  Medications.
1938. ABCG2 transporter: Structural and functional associations with gout (Review).
1939. FLI1 enhances the malignant phenotype of glioma cells and exerts  immunomodulatory effects through feedback crosstalk with exonic circRNA FECR1  and interferon‑induced ISG15.
1940. Laggera alata attenuates LPS‑induced systemic inflammation and hepatic‑pulmonary  injury by regulating PINK1/Parkin-associated mitophagy and macrophage  polarization.
1941. Critical reflections on the ESCAPER study: addressing inconsistencies and  methodological challenges in exploring cardiovascular resilience.
1942. Measurement properties of the Spanish version of the Engagement in Meaningful  Activities Survey in parents of children with developmental challenges.
1943. LDL-cholesterol distance to target: A practical tool for guiding lipid-lowering  treatment decisions.
1944. Comments on: Toward Eliminating Hepatocellular Carcinoma From Aotearoa New  Zealand.
1945. Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy and Delandistrogene Moxeparvovec Gene Therapy in  Children: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
1946. Comprehensive proteomic analysis reveals SPRR3 as an early predictive biomarker  for postoperative recurrence in pediatric chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal  polyps.
1947. Characteristics and prognosis of patients with cirrhosis presenting with acute  respiratory distress syndrome: A bicentric retrospective study.
1948. Management of acute myasthenic crisis in developing countries.
1949. Daptomycin pharmacokinetics in critically ill patients receiving extracorporeal  membrane oxygenation: A pilot cohort study.
1950. Clinical applications of oXiris membranes: Targeting inflammation and renal  dysfunction in ICU patients.
1951. Sepsis incidence and mortality in China, 1990-2021: An analysis for the Global  Burden of Disease Study.
1952. Tri-modal nanocatalytic microenvironment regulations for macrophage  reprogramming and osteoporotic fracture healing promotion.
1953. Preventing muscle and bone loss in peri-menopausal and early post-menopausal  females with heavy strength and impact training: Results from the STOP-EM  randomised waitlisted controlled feasibility trial.
1954. The role of SUMOylation in regulating proteins that drive neuronal disease  progression.
1955. SLC25A35 carrier endows mitochondrial phosphoenolpyruvate with  glyceroneogenesis.
1956. Synergistic potential of probiotics and bacteriophages in combating  multidrug-resistant microbial infections: A novel therapeutic strategy for the  post-antibiotic era.
1957. Comparison of Manual Versus Robot-Assisted Piston Prosthesis Placement and  Crimping in a 3D-Printed Temporal Bone Model.
1958. Blood donor serosurveys and national dengue burden estimates in Argentina.
1959. AutoBiGluNet: transformer-based time series modeling for blood glucose  prediction in Type 1 diabetes patients.
1960. Rapidly expanding posterior tibial artery pseudoaneurysm secondary to equestrian  accident and open reduction and internal fixation: A case report.
1961. Quantification of sigmoid perfusion with near-infrared fluorescence and  indocyanine green during open abdominal aortic aneurysm reconstruction.
1962. Longitudinal methylated ctDNA increases predict immunotherapy progression across  solid tumors.
1963. Neighborhood green space visits and coronary heart disease: Evidence from  mobility data across nine U.S. metropolitan cities.
1964. Novel risk model for predicting incident atrial fibrillation in patients taking  ω-3 fatty acid: sub-analysis of the STRENGTH randomized trial.
1965. Independent external validation and head-to-head comparison of  guideline-recommended CVD risk prediction models.
1966. Metabolic healthy obesity: A window for early cardiometabolic prevention.
1967. Associations of VICTORION-1 PREVENT eligibility with subclinical cardiovascular  and inflammatory damage in a European population-based cohort.
1968. Global prevalence and mortality of cardiovascular disease by sex and  sociodemographic index in young adults (20-39 years): Global burden of disease  database 1990-2023.
1969. In vitro generation of human embryonic stem cell-derived heart organoids  possessing physiological ion currents.
1970. Inflammatory, metabolic, and vascular pathways linking cardiorespiratory fitness  to cognition: Results from the IGNITE study.
1971. Molecular, cellular and network mapping of brain structural deviations in  patients with Post-COVID19 syndrome.
1972. Urban soil Gammaproteobacteria diversity, shaped by biodiverse land use,  predicts a lower risk of developing allergy in children.
1973. Prolactin levels and female sexual distress: associations with sexual knowledge  and behaviors.
1974. Exploring patients' perspectives and experiences of asthma self-management: A  qualitative study.
1975. Role of pharmacists in providing information on cancer genome medicine and  patient decision making: Open-label randomized controlled study.
1976. Pacing the Impossible: ICE- and Voltage-Guided Atrial Leadless Pacemaker  Implantation in Double Mechanical Valve Disease.
1977. Parathyroid carcinoma diagnosed after pulmonary metastases 8 years after initial  parathyroidectomy.
1978. Adipsic hypernatremia associated with hypothalamic dysfunction and sleep  disorders.
1979. Beyond biochemical control: headache resolution with pasireotide in a patient  with acromegaly and residual tumor.
1980. Association of IgG N-Glycans With Adverse Outcomes in CKD.
1981. Detailed quantification of right ventricular function in tetralogy of Fallot: a  3D echocardiography study.
1982. Cardiac remodelling and clinical outcomes after mitral edge-to-edge repair with  the PASCAL® system.
1983. The potential threat at the dining table: Taenia saginata.
1984. Effectiveness of tobacco cessation interventions delivered in clinical settings  in South Asia: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
1985. Community perspectives on awareness, care-seeking, and implementation of a  corneal ulcer prevention program in Nepal: a mixed-methods study.
1986. Increasing the number of extinction sessions suppresses context-specific  sensitization in mice.
1987. Colorectal cancer care in Uganda: a narrative review and case-based health needs  assessment from Mbarara Regional Referral Hospital.
1988. Narratives About COVID Challenges in Mexican American Couples as Predictors of  Relationship Satisfaction.
1989. Effectiveness of Culturally Tailored Interventions on Self-Management in Type 2  Diabetes Mellitus: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
1990. A 3-Month Follow-Up Pilot Study on Accelerated Intermittent Theta Burst  Stimulation for Bipolar Depression.
1991. iNOS/NO-Induced autophagy primes PANoptosis as the central driver of  streptococcal toxic shock-like syndrome in zoonotic Streptococcus suis  infection.
1992. Comment on "Serum Amyloid β Oligomer May Predict Treatment Response in  Middle-Aged and Late-Life Patients With Depression".
1993. Factors Influencing Caring Behaviours Among Nurses Working in Hospital Setting:  A Scoping Review.
1994. De novo or Salvage? Nucleotide Availability as a Driver of Bacterial Adaptation  and Virulence.
1995. The peripheral immune landscape of human breast cancer.
1996. Pentoxifylline and cardiorenal outcomes in advanced CKD with untreated  dyslipidemia: a longitudinal cohort study.
1997. Risk factors and temporal trends of early urological complications after kidney  transplantation: a 15-year single-center cohort study.
1998. Epinephrine Nebulization Delays Need for Life-Saving Intervention After Smoke  Inhalation in Ovine Model.
1999. Deletion of exon 2 in ALS-linked Sptlc1 causes lethality in homozygous mice but  not in heterozygotes.
2000. Clinical and immunological characteristics associated with adverse perinatal  outcomes among pregnant people living with HIV: a retrospective cohort study.
2001. Healing from Within: Biologics in Facial Plastic Surgery.
2002. Clinical Applications of Pure Recombinant Human Platelet-Derived Growth Factor  BB in Esthetic Medicine and Plastic Surgery.
2003. The Role of Human Placental Mesenchymal Stem Cell Derived Exosomes in Wound  Healing and Scar Therapy.
2004. Platelet-Rich Plasma and Platelet-Rich Fibrin in Periorbital Esthetics:  Systematic Review and Clinical Applications.
2005. Migraine relief: Solutions from natural bioactive products of Traditional  Chinese medicine.
2006. Consensus by design: Conflict of interest and the intravenous ketamine Delphi  guidelines.
2007. Impaired crying despite preserved emotional experience under antidepressant  treatment: An under-recognized clinical phenomenon.
2008. Ecological divergence of Paracoccidioides brasiliensis lineages and P. lutzii  with SDG-relevant implications.
2009. The spatiotemporal immune response patterns of Gryllus bimaculatus to infection  by the bioinsecticide Metarhizium anisopliae.
2010. Food Classification for Swallowing Disorders Perception by Senior Population.
2011. Dim light melatonin onset profile endotypes in a real-world clinical population  with home-based, self-collected salivary assessments: Identification,  distribution, and potential clinical relevance.
2012. Ten-year trends in pediatric hypnotic prescribing before and during the COVID-19  pandemic in Japan.
2013. Two distinct sulfated O-polysaccharides from the marine bacterium Vibrio sp. KMM  9700: Genomic prediction and structural elucidation.
2014. Separation and enrichment of phages at the interface between two phases in a  green solvent-based sugaring-out extraction system.
2015. Population codes for context-dependent decision-making.
2016. Prospective daily evidence of cyclic suicidality and self-harm in premenstrual  disorders.
2017. Mercury sorption and desorption in mosses: Molecular mechanisms and  biomonitoring implications.
2018. Occurrence of organic micropollutants in drinking water: A review of scientific  literature in the scope of the EU Directive 2020/2184.
2019. Unraveling the adverse outcome pathways of metabolic dysfunction-associated  steatotic liver disease triggered by environmental mixtures via biological  knowledge-driven machine learning.
2020. Multifunctional Janus fluorescence film sensor designed with Bi-MOF:  High-efficiency H(2)S monitoring with antibacterial and moisture---permeable  ability.
2021. Divergent drivers of winter PM(2.5) pollution in representative cities of the  Sichuan Basin: Insights from observation and machine learning.
2022. Compartmental and functional responses of the citrus microbiome and resistome to  the systemic delivery of oxytetracycline by trunk injection.
2023. Metabolic filtering as a putative mechanism linking soil metabolome and  microbial community assembly along a lake expansion gradient.
2024. Coordinated extracellular cadmium immobilization and restoration of homeostatic  regulation by Bacillus velezensis limit Cd bioavailability and support fruit  production in tomato under Cd stress.
2025. From composition to function: Translating porcine gut microbiota research into  strategies for improving intestinal health.
2026. Co-composting Rugulopteryx okamurae, Alperujo and local organic waste: a  sustainable strategy for odour control and compost quality improvement.
2027. Heterogeneity in moderation effects: How willingness-to-pay shapes the  knowledge-behavior relationship in sustainable fashion consumption.
2028. Impact of early environmental unpredictability on impulsive consumption:  Insights from life history theory.
2029. Biocontrol effects of bacteria isolated from compost tea against postharvest  disease of tomato fruit (Solanum lycopersicum L.).
2030. A Novel Technique for Pain Management to Deliver a Course of Palliative  Radiotherapy.
2031. A novel capillary-driven dual-mode imaging flow cytometry system for malaria  parasite detection and quantification.
2032. In search of the smoking gun: Linking results of effect-based assessment to  anthropogenic stressors.
2033. Higher serum vitamin D concentration is associated with a lower risk of incident  type 2 diabetes independent of clonal haematopoiesis.
2034. "Neurotoxic mechanisms of microplastic compounds in Alzheimer's and Parkinson's  diseases: A network toxicology and molecular docking study".
2035. Biotransformation mechanisms of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons by Raphidocelis  subcapitata: The role of cytochrome P450.
2036. Cadmium exposure is associated with colorectal neoplasm risk: From  epidemiological evidence to laboratory confirmation.
2037. 6PPD-Q exposure disrupts intestinal homeostasis and impairs skeletal muscle  function in mice.
2038. Effects of carbamazepine on calcium concentration, calcification, and enzymatic  markers in the gill tissue of Chlamys islandica.
2039. The significance of galectin-9 and T-cell immunoglobulin and mucin  domain-containing molecule-3 (TIM-3) in patients with chronic lymphocytic  leukemia: The role of immune evasion.
2040. Structure-guided modulation of the IL-4/IL-4Rα interface: molecular recognition,  therapeutic antibodies, and small-molecule opportunities.
2041. An AI-driven deep learning pipeline for taxonomic classification and  biodiversity assessment of deep-sea environmental DNA.
2042. Self-management support in oncology: A concept analysis.
2043. Intrathecal clonidine in cesarean delivery: signal, trade-offs, and clinical  context.
2044. Incidence of and risk factors for new pain diagnoses after cesarean delivery: a  retrospective cohort study using the Premier Healthcare Database (2016-2020).
2045. Comparative safety of postoperative HIPEC with recombinant mutant TNF-α versus  paclitaxel for gastric cancer peritoneal metastasis: a randomized controlled  trial.
2046. Immunohistochemical characterization of nerve endings in the vaginal fornix and  cervix of small ruminants.
2047. The interplay between Theory of Mind inferencing and visual attention in  narrative comprehension in autistic preschoolers.
2048. Cost-Effectiveness of Intracranial Aneurysm Screening: A Systematic Review.
2049. cN2-cN3 Penile Squamous Cell Carcinoma: Patient Selection, Treatment Delivery,  and Real-World Challenges.
2050. Malleable Penile Prosthesis Fractures: Lessons Learned from 17 Years of  Experience at a Tertiary Center in Brazil.
2051. Beyond Oral Therapies: A Practical Approach to Overcoming Barriers to  Intracavernosal Injection Therapy in Clinical Practice.
2052. Editorial introduction.
2053. Growth without dilution: impact, integrity, and the next phase of abdominal  radiology.
2054. Serum Periostin as a Biomarker in Pediatric Asthma: Findings from a Case-Control  Study - Authors' Reply.
2055. Mesopic Illumination in Natural Environments: Implications for Myopia Research.
2056. Complex Aortic Arch Anomaly with Isolated Left Common Carotid Artery.
2057. Types of ethnic-racial identity belongingness predicting mental health and  suicide ideation: Exploring racial and gender differences among Latine-White and  Black-White Multiracial adolescents.
2058. Erratum: Serum and Urine S100A8 as a New Biomarker of Lupus Nephritis.
2059. Patients' Voices of Care Encounters and Organisational Influences on Existential  Suffering in Cancer Care: A Qualitative Study.
2060. Decoding the Sex-Specific Architecture of Carotid Plaque Instability.
2061. Natural deep eutectic solvents as environmentally compatible agents for biofilm  inhibition and disruption.
2062. Implant geometry as a patient-specific identifier in breast brachytherapy:  leveraging electromagnetic tracking to prevent treatment mix-ups.
2063. Genomic insights into activated antimicrobial resistance of in situ  hospital-wastewater biofilm.
2064. Photosynthetic Traits Underlying Yield Differences in Irrigated and Rainfed  Soybean Systems in the Mississippi Delta.
2065. MRONJ risk associated with combined antiresorptive and vascular endothelial  growth factor receptor tyrosine kinase inhibitors.
2066. Commentary on clim-TIME: A paradigm shift in spatially resolved perturbation  mapping of the metastatic tumor microenvironment.
2067. A novel chimeric RNA RPGR-EEF1A1 enhances autophagy by interaction with the  small GTPase RAB37 in a GTP-dependent manner.
2068. Retrospective study comparing first- and new-generation proximal humerus locking  plates in 152 proximal humerus fracture cases.
2069. Neonatal expression of human FMRP isoform corrects cortical deficits and  improves behavior in a mouse model of fragile X syndrome.
2070. Missed achilles tendon injury in superficial laceration: A diagnostic pitfall.
2071. Surgical management of supracondylar humerus fracture in a child with severe  hemophilia A: A case report.
2072. Maximum fluence for accurate functional photoacoustic microscopy.
2073. Unveiling the comorbidity hub: WT1 drives renal cancer progression in chronic  kidney disease and confers sirolimus vulnerability.
2074. [Retracted] Crocin promotes apoptosis of human skin cancer cells by inhibiting  the JAK/STAT pathway.
2075. Ginkgo biloba extract 50 dropping pills improve vascular cognitive impairment  through anti-oxidative and anti-inflammatory effects.
2076. Cold agglutination as a pivotal diagnostic clue for Waldenström  macroglobulinemia: A rare case report with diagnostic and therapeutic insights.
2077. An automated end-to-end pipeline for the management, de-identification, and  distribution of whole-slide images using DICOM: An institutional implementation.
2078. 16S rRNA gene sequencing dataset describing the diversity and structure of soil  bacterial communities across four pesticide-free agroecological cropping systems  of arable crops from the CA-SYS experiment between 2018 and 2021.
2079. Multiaxial vibration dataset obtained on a triaxial electrodynamic shaker rig  using multiple control strategies.
2080. Chronic health conditions and health-related economic inactivity in midlife:  Evidence from the 1958 and 1970 British birth cohorts.
2081. Molecular surveillance of Rickettsia and Bartonella in desert rodents and ticks  from the southern margin of the Gurbantunggut desert, Xinjiang, China.
2082. Analysis of acute stroke-like lesions in MELAS: Distribution, potential  boundaries and spreading pattern.
2083. Holographic Transmission for Real-time Education and Medical Care.
2084. Are psychosocial factors and menopause symptoms related to hair cortisol  concentrations among midlife Latinas? Results from the Menopausia, Salud,  Corazón pilot study.
2085. Box breathing and prolonged exhalation reduces markers of physiological stress  reactivity in response to a virtual trier social stress test.
2086. Correction to "Emergency Department Crowding and Diagnostic Safety: An  Underrecognized Risk to Clinical Decision Making".
2087. Enhancing Care for Critically Ill Patients Boarding in the Emergency Department:  A 360° Evaluation of an Emergency Medicine Critical Care Fellow Model.
2088. Avian paramyxovirus type 1-associated severe pneumonia in humans: Molecular  characterization and zoonotic transmission risk.
2089. Spatial and temporal associations between animal ownership and malaria  prevalence in Africa using cross-sectional national Demographic and Health  Surveys.
2090. Risk ranking and antimicrobial resistance of Shiga toxin-producing Escherichia  coli of bovine origin.
2091. Triptolide loaded cerium oxide nanozyme based oral nanoplatform for targeted  colitis therapy.
2092. Assistive technology unmet need and barriers to access in Sri Lanka: a  mixed-methods study (2024).
2093. Incorporating of an enhanced radiation protection device into the treatment of  ST elevation myocardial infarctions: A single center retrospective analysis.
2094. Aberrant Resting-State Functional Connectivity Associated With  Callous-Unemotional Traits From Late Childhood Through Late Adolescence.
2095. Prediction and Prediction Error in Autism: A Meta-Analysis of Functional  Magnetic Resonance Imaging Results.
2096. Pathological fracture of primary lymphoma of bone: A case report on diagnosis  and novel surgical management.
2097. Mechanisms of obesogenic adipocyte signaling in mouse 3T3-L1 cells in response  to plasma from C57BL/6 mice exposed to traffic-generated emissions and high-fat  diet.
2098. Evaluation of the safety and potential genotoxicity of a high-purity mogroside  ingredient containing siamenoside I produced from a modified strain of Yarrowia  lipolytica.
2099. Cariprazine-induced obsessive-compulsive symptoms in a patient with bipolar II  disorder: A case report.
2100. Safety and feasibility of immediate implant placement in diabetic patients: A  systematic review and meta-analysis.
2101. Analgesia and sedation practice in children in intensive care in Australia and  New Zealand: A survey.
2102. A multilayered model of work outcome in patients with schizophrenia: Examination  of the relationships among positive symptoms, cognition, and daily living  skills.
2103. Fertility planning for women in medicine: a call for an active approach.
2104. Recognizing and managing linear morphea in a pediatric patient with skin of  color.
2105. From plots to commercial fields: scalable, transferable cotton morphology and  productivity estimation using functional growth proxies from UAV and PlanetScope  time series.
2106. Membrane-camouflaged metal-phenolic nanomedicines for the treatment of ischemic  stroke via relieving oxidative stress and neuroinflammation.
2107. Multifunctional biohybrid nanoplatform interferes electron transport chain  amplifying mitochondrial metabolism-mediated anti-tumor therapy.
2108. Identification of long non-coding RNAs involved in leukemogenesis and venetoclax  response in acute myeloid leukemia through functional CRISPR-dCas9 interference  screens.
2109. Socioeconomic inequalities and trends in the prevalence of childhood obesity  phenotypes in Iran from 2000 to 2030.
2110. Chronological changes of acquired agminated melanocytic nevi on the sole: A  9-year follow-up case report.
2111. Thymoma-associated multiorgan autoimmunity with periostin upregulation following  PUVA-bath therapy.
2112. Ischemic dermal pallor as an unusual cutaneous clue for group A streptococcal  necrotizing soft tissue infection.
2113. Comment on "accuracy of machine learning models for mitral regurgitation  severity assessment: A systematic review and meta-analysis".
2114. LL-37 inhibits osteosarcoma progression by suppressing SQLE-mediated cholesterol  synthesis via the PTEN/AKT/mTOR pathway.
2115. Nurse scientist and advanced practice registered nurse contributions to oncology  clinical trials within the National Cancer Institute Cooperative Group  infrastructure.
2116. Future prospects of pediatric lung transplantation.
2117. Epidemiology of medical emergency team calls in patients undergoing lung  transplantation.
2118. Highly efficient production of β-caryophyllene in Saccharomyces cerevisiae using  a novel synthase from Artemisia argyi.
2119. Corrigendum to "Sex and age differences in alcohol-attributable mortality in  Chile between 2008 and 2022" [Public Health Pract. (2026) 100798].
2120. Association of neutrophil percentage-to-albumin ratio with sepsis in infant.
2121. 3D Freehand Ultrasound Imaging of Optic Nerve Sheath.
2122. Longitudinal Examination of Wandering in Children and Adolescents With Autism.
2123. UK Medical Cannabis Registry: A Clinical Outcomes Analysis for Autism Spectrum  Disorder.
2124. Balancing Trade-Offs in Patient and Public Involvement and Engagement in Rapid  Evaluation: Reflections and Lessons.
2125. Powerless or Powerful? Healthcare Professionals' Construction of Agency in  Patient and Family Engagement Accounts.
2126. Correction to 'Clinical Outcomes of MAFLD Versus NAFLD: A Meta-Analysis of  Observational Studies'.
2127. Prospective trials and systematic reviews registrations are improving, but  challenges remain about the quality of the evidence.
2128. Leveraging Minimal Variables for Maximal Screening Yield: A Global Equity  Perspective on Colorectal Cancer Risk Stratification.
2129. The economic burden of preeclampsia: a systematic review.
2130. What unhealthy food and beverage advertisements appeal to- and promote obesity  amongst- adolescent children in urban South Africa?
2131. On Friendship at Work.
2132. Single-cell evidence for PANoptosome complexes.
2133. Correction: SIRT7 activates p53 by enhancing PCAF-mediated MDM2 degradation to  arrest the cell cycle.
2134. [Advance in the application of molecular ruler-based RNA 3D dynamic analysis for  the interpretation of variants of uncertain significance].
2135. [Genetic analysis of a Chinese pedigree affected with Hereditary coagulation  factor Ⅴ deficiency due to compound heterozygous variants IVS24+3A>T and  p.Asp2222Gly].
2136. [Prenatal genetic diagnosis and analysis of ten fetuses with Wolf-Hirschhorn  syndrome].
2137. Integrated Acoustofluidic Manipulation and Oscillation-Stabilized Magnetic  Relaxation Biosensing for Salmonella Detection.
2138. Corrigendum to "Targeting PD-L1 and disrupting Siglec-9 cooperatively potentiate  macrophage phagocytosis of breast cancer via a trispecific macrophage engager  (TriME)" [Biomed. Pharmacother. 200 (2026), 119609].
2139. Corrigendum to "Effects of neuronavigation-guided rTMS on serum BDNF, TrkB and  VGF levels in depressive patients with suicidal ideation" [J. Affect. Disord.  323 (2023) 617-623].
2140. Editors' Note.
2141. Corrigendum to 'Consonant, vowel, and tone cues in early wordform recognition:  Evidence from Cantonese-learning infants' [Cognition 275 (2026) 106624].
2142. Corrigendum to "European experience on oncological outcomes of patients with  early stage non-small cell lung cancer and any prior cancer following lobectomy  or segmentectomy" [Lung Cancer J. 217 (2026) 109410].
2143. Hypoxia-inducible factor-1α promotes epithelial-to-mesenchymal transition  through upregulating cathepsin S expression in diabetic kidney disease.
2144. Hepatokines and stellakines in liver and neurological diseases: The liver-brain  axis.
2145. Ranolazine is associated with attenuation of lipopolysaccharide-induced acute  kidney injury via modulation of inflammatory, oxidative, and vascular markers.
2146. Ethnopharmacological validation of the antinociceptive potential of Calotropis  gigantea L. flowers: Phytochemical characterization, safety evaluation, and  mechanistic insights from in vivo models.
2147. Antipyretic activity of Phanera strychnifolia stem extract in yeast-induced  febrile rats: A plasma metabolomics study.
2148. Revisiting the role of interaction effects in quantitative intersectionality  research.
2149. Clinical characteristics of Providencia rettgeri bacteraemia and antimicrobial  susceptibility patterns.
2150. Adventitial melanocytosis ("blue nevus") of the aorta.
2151. Innovative peptide formulations for cardiovascular diseases using supercritical  CO(2): A comprehensive review and potential applications.
2152. Body site-dependent variation in the human forensic microbiome: A comparative  analysis of publicly available 16S rRNA gene amplicon data.
2153. Health-related quality of life and management routine in painful and painless  diabetic polyneuropathy (PREDIP study).
2154. Impact of glucagon-like peptide-1 receptor agonists with guideline-directed  medical therapy in patients with heart failure with reduced ejection fraction  and type 2 diabetes.
2155. Expression of a recombinant DIVA antigen for differential diagnosis of H7N9  subtype avian influenza virus infected and vaccinated chickens.
2156. Post-translational modifications as hubs of amino acid metabolism in cancer:  From oncogenic signaling to therapeutic targeting.
2157. Senescence in non-cancerous cells within the tumor: What is the real deal?
2158. Risk Ranking of Emerging Hazards in Fresh Produce and Cereal Grains under  Climate Change using Multi-Criteria Decision Analysis (MCDA).
2159. Enhancing Hemoglobin Bart's hydrops fetalis syndrome prevention: a single-tube  multiplex real-time PCR assay for the comprehensive detection of four  significant α(0)-thalassemia deletions (--(SEA), --(THAI), --(CR), and --(SA))  found in Thailand.
2160. State of Medical Education Research in Anesthesiology: Current Landscape and  Future Directions-An Initiative of the Anesthesia Research Council.
2161. From acute defense to prolonged metabolic homeostasis: Insights into microalgae  responses to PVC microplastic exposure.
2162. Mining rare earth elements with ammonium sulfate as a leaching agent provokes a  significant perturbation in soil microbial function.
2163. Co-occurrence patterns and source-oriented health risk assessment of heavy  metal-organic combined pollution in soil: A case study of a typical area in the  Lower Yangtze River Basin.
2164. A mathematical model of cell adhesion on soft surfaces.
2165. Immunofluorescence study and morphometric analysis of collagen-IV in the  exchange tissue of the quail (Coturnix coturnix) lung by confocal laser scanning  microscopy.
2166. ASFV pDP238L negatively regulates type I interferon production via inhibiting  the methylation of TBK1.
2167. Cancer-related stigma in gynaecological cancers: A mixed-methods systematic  review of quantitative associations and qualitative experiences.
2168. Greening critical care by harnessing the planetary impact of medications: What  fellows need to know.
2169. Ecosystem functions and network complexity do not increase linearly with  restoration levels on China's loess plateau.
2170. Preserving bare mudflats reduces methane emissions: Implications for coastal  wetland management.
2171. Heatwave-driven amplification of ozone formation offsets emission control  benefits in VOC-limited megacities.
2172. In ovo silencing of SERPINA6 using siRNA alters endocrine responses and  embryonic growth in broiler chickens.
2173. The effects of flavonoids on female animal reproductive performance.
2174. Current status and future directions of in vitro embryo production in wild and  non-traditional livestock mammals from South America.
2175. Proportion of lung cancer patients eligible for screening in France: Data from  the KBP-2020-CPHG study.
2176. Mitochondrial genome alterations in cancer: From mutations and epigenetics to  targeted therapiesack.
2177. Human-robot collaboration and customer-directed spillover: A daily diary study  of state job apathy.
2178. Advancing paternal age: Effects on sperm quality and offspring health.
2179. Inadvertent epidural administration of tranexamic acid without neurological  sequelae: a case report.
2180. Circulating Tumor DNA After Radical Cystectomy as a Marker of Minimal Residual  Disease in Muscle-Invasive Bladder Cancer: A Literature Review.
2181. Clinical evaluation of complications and the learning curve in deep plane  facelift surgery: A single-surgeon experience.
2182. Sleep disturbances in patients with vasculitis.
2183. Neonatal total parenteral nutrition and the risk of childhood autoimmune  diseases: A nationwide population-based study of 2.3 million children.
2184. Structure-based discovery of a novel small-molecule inhibitor of ATG4B that  modulates autophagy in esophageal squamous cell carcinoma therapy.
2185. Tetrazolo[1,5-c]quinazolines as anti-Klebsiella pneumoniae scaffolds: Bridging  in vitro activity and multi-target docking prediction.
2186. Characterization and engineering of a fungal unspecific peroxygenase for  aliphatic CH hydroxylation.
2187. How stratospheric intrusion modulates the optimal mitigation pathway for ozone  under sharp emission reductions.
2188. Aspartame exposure promotes endometriosis progression through PTGS2-mediated  oxidative stress and mitochondrial dysfunction.
2189. Euphol targets key oncogenic processes and promotes chemoprevention in organoid  and In Vivo models of colorectal cancers.
2190. CAR-T cell therapy and oncolytic viruses: A synergic approach for advanced GI  cancers.
2191. Visibility patterns of architectural distortion on synthesized 2D vs. digital  breast tomosynthesis and their diagnostic implications.
2192. Environmental benefits of reusing coastal expanded polystyrene waste as sand  substitution in cement mortar.
2193. Biologically inspired mechanisms for enhancing robustness in EEG signal  modeling: Challenges, opportunities, and perspectives.
2194. Switching from oxcarbazepine to eslicarbazepine in patients with focal epilepsy:  A systematic review and single-arm meta-analysis.
2195. Bacillus inhibits poplar leaf blight through coordination of rhizosphere  microbiome remodelling and foliar immune activation.
2196. Seasonal Restructuring of Microbial Communities and Resistomes in the  Shitalakshya River, Bangladesh Revealed by Shotgun Metagenomics.
2197. Characterizing Onset Limit and Surgical Outcome Factors in Type II Focal  Cortical Dysplasia-Related Epilepsy.
2198. Blood-Brain Barrier Disruption Before Interhospital Transfer for Thrombectomy  and Clinical Outcome.
2199. Putamen Dopamine Synthesis, Vesicular Storage, and Metabolism in Patients With  Parkinson Disease.
2200. Neuropathologic Correlates of Seizures in Patients With Alzheimer Disease and  Dementia With Lewy Bodies.
2201. Neuropathogenesis of Seizures in Patients With Alzheimer Disease and Lewy Body  Dementia: Is There a Difference, and Does It Matter?
2202. Working With Risk: Improving Collection of Industry and Occupation Data During  Public Health Surveillance Case Follow-Up in Wisconsin.
2203. Platycodin D attenuates proliferation, migration, and angiogenesis in  RA-stimulated endothelial cells via CD146 modulation.
2204. Agmatine and N-hydroxypipecolic acid synergistically enhance salt tolerance in  wheat through antioxidant defense, proline metabolism, and photosynthetic  protection.
2205. Navigating HIV status disclosure: Adolescents' privacy management strategies in  Rural South Africa.
2206. The Prevalence of Hospitalized Cases of Necrotizing Fasciitis: Anatomical  Distribution, Amputations, and In-Hospital Mortality, 2019-2024.
2207. Subclinical Atrial Fibrillation: Detection, Stroke Risk, and Treatment.
2208. Nanobodies against Plasmodium adhesins that block receptor engagement and  malaria parasite invasion.
2209. Congenital Afibrinogenemia with Novel Mutation in Early Childhood.
2210. Ecological predictors of daily dietary intake in black adolescents with  overweight and obesity in the families improving together (FIT) for weight loss  trial.
2211. Moderating effect of pain sensitivity on dental anxiety: a randomized controlled  cognitive-behavioral intervention trial.
2212. LETTER TO THE EDITOR REGARDING: associations between hypertension and frailty  among middle-aged and older adults: evidence from the Longitudinal Ageing Study  in India.
2213. Active surveillance for basal cell carcinoma: experiences of patients and  proxies.
2214. Innovations and Challenges in Syphilis Screening and Prevention Among Men Who  Have Sex With Men: A Scoping Review.
2215. The Potential for Combined Treponemal/Nontreponemal Rapid Point-of-Care Test and  Treponema pallidum Polymerase Chain Reaction in the Diagnosis of Gestational and  Congenital Syphilis in a Low-Resource, High-Prevalence Setting: Pilot Data From  Malawi.
2216. Estimating the Value of Novel Tests for Active Syphilis in Zimbabwe: How Much  Overtreatment Can Be Avoided?
2217. Fractured instruments in endodontics: understanding incidence, mechanisms, and  emerging retrieval techniques.
2218. Occupational therapists' experiences in Australia's primary mental health  funding scheme: Navigating complexity in a constrained system.
2219. School relationships and well-being in elementary students: A latent profile  analysis.
2220. Cyberbullying perpetration and externalizing problem behaviors in adolescents:  Spreading effects based on developmental cascades.
2221. Developing a Set of Core Patient-Reported Outcomes for Kidney Replacement  Therapy: A Modified Delphi Study.
2222. Assessment of Caregiver Burden and Perceived Social Support Among Individuals  Providing Care to Patients Under Home Health Services: A Descriptive Study.
2223. Psychosocial aspects of RUNX1-familial platelet disorder in adolescents and  young adults: "The fear of knowing it could happen sometime down the road".
2224. Diversifying Methods in Evolutionary Anthropology: Autophotography as a Tool for  Quasi-Naturalistic Observation of Human Behavior.
2225. Reverse-engineering psychological resilience: A review and quantitative  evaluation of psychometric instruments used in resilience research.
2226. MYO5B deficiency is associated with altered MUC13 localization and DMBT1  accumulation in intestinal epithelial cells.
2227. Nature connectedness and healthy eating: The possible role of self-control.
2228. Diminished rest-activity rhythm is associated with postoperative complications  and mortality: A prospective cohort study of UK Biobank participants.
2229. Beyond mathematical models: Why vial sizes and water safety matter.
2230. Application and challenges of chimeric antigen receptor T cell therapy in the  treatment of acute myeloid leukemia (Review).
2231. Erratum: [Corrigendum] Overexpression of lncRNA AFAP1-AS1 promotes cell  proliferation and invasion in gastric cancer.
2232. Individuals' perceptions and experiences of mHealth for home-based  rehabilitation in knee osteoarthritis: A qualitative study.
2233. You are doubly excluded: the interplay of cyberostracism and perceived parental  phubbing in predicting problematic smartphone use.
2234. Monoclonal Antibodies in Pediatric Atopic Dermatitis; Efficacy and Safety.
2235. Reproductive potential in classical galactosemia: A case series based  perspective.
2236. Genotoxicity of Carbohydrate Derived Fulvic Acid.
2237. Understanding recruitment challenges in Swiss oncology trials: Patient voices  from focus groups.
2238. Artificial platelets suppressing deep vein thrombosis via competitive adhesion.
2239. 3D matrix stiffness drives energy metabolism to orchestrate stem cell  osteogenesis via microtubule acetylation and mitochondrial dynamics.
2240. Ternary mTOR-targeted conductive nanofibrous scaffolds with bioactive peptides  orchestrate immune-metabolic-fibrotic balance for diabetic bone regeneration.
2241. Core-shell commensal biocapsules for in situ gut microbiome engineering.
2242. Visual theranostic oral nanozymes for IBD from principles to preclinical design.
2243. Variations in the association between standalone and coexisting forms of  undernutrition and common infectious morbidities among children in sub-Saharan  Africa.
2244. Blood cadmium levels and its associated factors in middle school children in  Kuwait.
2245. Ambient PM(2.5) and its chemical constituents exposure with ovarian reserve  among 29,610 infertile women in Shaanxi Province, China.
2246. Ultra-low contrast agent dosage in photon-counting CT angiography of the  thoracoabdominal aorta.
2247. Endometrial thickness in patients with postmenopausal bleeding and endometrial  cancer: A retrospective cohort study.
2248. Primary pelvic extraskeletal Ewing sarcoma: a case report and comprehensive  literature review of molecularly confirmed cases arising within the female  genital tract.
2249. Relationships between pre-, post-, and inter-ictal psychiatric symptoms in  patients with epilepsy.
2250. Residential exposure to deadly gun violence and accelerated biological aging in  a national sample of U.S. adolescents.
2251. Intracellular trafficking and nuclear compartmentalization of AAV gene delivery.
2252. Omics-guided engineering of CHO cells reveals host targets to support AAV  production.
2253. Development and Clinical Validation of a Protocol-Agnostic Machine Learning  Platform for Automated Treatment Planning in External Beam Radiation Therapy.
2254. Stage D heart failure in the United States: A study from a national database.
2255. Vitamin D deficiency and associated factors among cardiology patients in  Nouakchott, Mauritania: A cross-sectional study using modified Poisson  regression.
2256. Incidence of malignant transformation in giant cell tumor of bone following  denosumab therapy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
2257. Large Language Models for Ophthalmology Training in China: A Prospective  Evaluation.
2258. A neural stem cell-derived 3D spheroid model that recapitulates prion infection  and pathology.
2259. DNA-damage-targeting copper nanoparticles induce cuproptosis for enhanced cancer  radiotherapy.
2260. In vivo validation of multimodality pore-network modeling to identify  angio-permissive scaffold porosity.
2261. Multiregulatory hydrogel supramolecular nanomedicine for reprogramming cartilage  homeostasis in osteoarthritis.
2262. Stage-adaptive integration of polydopamine promotes human pluripotent stem  cell-derived alveolar organoids differentiation and maturation.
2263. CYFIP1 overexpression amplifies IL-6/STAT3 and IFN-γ/STAT1 signaling: potential  implications for neuroinflammation and autism spectrum disorder.
2264. Freestyle multiple-perforator Island flaps for reconstruction of large  dorsolumbar defects: A retrospective case series.
2265. Reconstruction of extensive gluteal defect following excision of hidradenitis  suppurativa using a combined lumbar artery perforator and split superior gluteus  maximus musculocutaneous flap: A case report.
2266. Subclinical left ventricular diastolic dysfunction in adults with overweight or  obesity and preserved ejection fraction.
2267. Synaptic Actions of Estradiol in the Brain's Reward System: Linking Mechanisms  to Behavior and Disease.
2268. One Scientist's Noise Is Another's Signal: Rethinking Physiological Noise in  Addiction Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging.
2269. Description of the dataset on alkoxycarbonylation catalyzed by supported  palladium phosphide nanoparticles.
2270. Transcriptome data of oil palm dumpy seedlings treated with different  concentration of phosphorus in hydroponic system.
2271. Data on the stated willingness to accept collective agri-environmental schemes  for biodiversity conservation of European grassland farmers.
2272. The Role of Low-Energy Virtual Monoenergetic Images Derived From Dual-Energy  Computed Tomography in Tumor Segmentation for Head and Neck Radiation Therapy: A  Contouring Study.
2273. Radiation Therapy Infrastructure, Social Vulnerability, and Insurance  Architecture Predict Timely Postoperative Radiation Therapy After Brain Tumor  Craniotomy.
2274. Role of Postoperative Radiation Therapy After Radical Cystectomy for Bladder  Cancer: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
2275. Critical Review of Cataractogenesis and Lens Contouring in Radiation Oncology.
2276. Safety and real-world effectiveness of eptacog beta with emicizumab prophylaxis:  an interim analysis of the ATHN 16 study.
2277. Documented Obstructive Sleep Apnea, Cardiometabolic Phenotype, and  Rhythm-Related Outcomes After Atrial Fibrillation Ablation: An Observational  Cohort Study.
2278. Systemic inflammatory indicators and their clinical correlations in prurigo  nodularis: A multicenter cross-sectional study in China.
2279. Reverse total shoulder replacement after traumatic acute ischemia of the upper  limb due to proximal humerus fracture.
2280. What drives family physicians to rural practice? A discrete choice experiment in  Vietnam.
2281. A diagnostic nomogram for tuberculous pleural effusion: Methodological  considerations.
2282. LA-ICP-MS protocols for U-Pb geochronology and trace element analysis of  zircons: Optimized implementation at the PetroChron laboratory.
2283. Correlation of the monocyte to high-density lipoprotein cholesterol ratio and  neutrophil to high-density lipoprotein cholesterol ratio with the severity of  acute ischemic stroke.
2284. Metabolomic Mapping of Greek Olive Leaves by Untargeted NMR-Based Profiling and  LC-HRMS Dereplication.
2285. From bites to ripple effects: Unraveling the health, economic, and social  effects of arboviral epidemics in Mainland France.
2286. Shared Decision-Making in CKD: Lessons From Advance Care Planning in Taiwan.
2287. Environmental monitoring practices relevant to regenerative medicine  manufacturing: Insights from a cross-sector survey of regulated facilities in  Japan.
2288. Measurement properties of the interest in health scale among community-dwelling  older adults in Japan: Verification of the 12-item, 6-item, and 4-item versions  of the interest in health scale.
2289. Sex-specific differences in diabetes prevalence between normal-weight obesity  and obesity among middle-aged adults in South Korea: a propensity score-matched  study.
2290. Women's family planning status in Ethiopia: A geo-additive modeling approach.
2291. Poor sleep quality and its association patterns with eating disorders, body  composition and physical activity among university students in Douala-Cameroon.
2292. Altered static and dynamic functional network connectivity in Parkinson's  disease: A multisite functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
2293. Novel Utilization of a Preangulated, Osseointegrated Implant in a Case of  Metacarpophalangeal Amputation: Design, Technique, and Rehabilitation Protocols  Plus Functional Outcomes.
2294. Interpol review of forensic paint, tape, and glass evidence 2022-2025.
2295. Bullous pellagra in a patient with alcohol use disorder and gastric bypass.
2296. Radiotherapy-associated pleomorphic dermal sarcoma 33 years after basal cell  carcinoma treatment.
2297. Relapsing facial pemphigus vegetans associated with chronic intranasal cocaine  use.
2298. Loss of the type VII secretion ATPase EssC promotes biofilm formation of  Staphylococcus aureus under acidic stress.
2299. Corrigendum to "Cross-Population Validation of the Pediatric CKD Risk-Prediction  Tool" [Kidney International Reports Volume 11, Issue 5, May 2026, 106373].
2300. Target Trial of Glucagon-Like Peptide-1 Agonists versus Dipeptidyl Peptidase-4  Inhibitors and Mortality in Hemodialysis.
2301. Multifocal lymphangioma involving the liver, spleen, and retroperitoneum: A rare  adult presentation.
2302. Post-traumatic painful thigh mass in a 5-year-old child revealing  rhabdomyosarcoma with vascular encasement and biopsy-tract seeding: A diagnostic  pitfall.
2303. Lymphoma of the cervix invading the uterine body with distant lymphadenopathy:  MRI and FDG-PET/CT findings.
2304. Molecular characterization and zoonotic potential of Giardia and Cryptosporidium  infections in dogs and cats in Central Spain.
2305. Heart rate nondipping pattern and left atrial remodeling as a marker of cardiac  target organ damage in patients with type 2 diabetes.
2306. Selection and validation of novel DNA aptamer panel co-specific to Plasmodium  falciparum and Plasmodium ovale lactate dehydrogenase.
2307. Milk-derived extracellular vesicles loaded with miR-146a-5p as a novel  therapeutic strategy for allergic airway inflammation.
2308. Controlling mountain-type zoonotic visceral leishmaniasis in China: Current  progress and challenges through a One Health lens.
2309. Microwave treatment of human papillomavirus-positive in vitro grown epithelial  tissues results in a rapid stress-related transcriptional response and induction  of innate immunity.
2310. A Comparison of Post-Traumatic Stress and Depressive Symptoms by Suicidal  Ideation Among Black Transgender Women.
2311. Exploring Prolonged Grief Experiences of Ethnoracial Minoritized Caregivers: An  Emic Perspective.
2312. Editorial introduction.
2313. The Adipose-Organ Communication Network in Clinical Obesity: From Adiposopathy  to Systemic Metabolic Failure.
2314. Domino Effect of the Kynurenine Pathway: Systemic Homeostasis, Metabolic  Crosstalk, and Therapeutic Potential.
2315. Psychotropic Prescribing Patterns Among Bipolar-I Patients Prior to Established  Bipolar-I Disorder Diagnosis.
2316. Pneumococcal vaccination awareness and uptake among high-risk patients attending  internal medicine outpatient clinics: A cross-sectional study.
2317. Peri-Implant Tissue Stability Following Guided Bone Regeneration With  Bioceramic: A Multicenter One-Year Cohort Study.
2318. Genome-Wide Association Study and Genomic Prediction for Maximum Litter Size in  Sows.
2319. Genomic forecasting for climate-resilient fruit trees.
2320. Sleep Deprivation and Neuronal Hyperexcitation Share Transcriptomic Signatures.
2321. Retraction notice to "Leonurine (SCM-198) attenuates myocardial fibrotic  response via inhibition of NADPH oxidase 4" [Free Radical Biol. Med. 54 (2013)  93-104].
2322. Corrigendum to "Elevated MMP10/13 mediated barrier disruption and NF-κB  activation aggravate colitis and colon tumorigenesis in both individual or full  miR-148/152 family knockout mice" [Cancer Lett. (2022) 31 529 53-69].
2323. Response to the letter regarding "cervical length and fetal fibronectin for the  identification of true spontaneous onset of labor".
2324. Maternal and neonatal outcomes of forceps delivery in women undergoing trial of  labor after cesarean.
2325. Preface.
2326. Pain Management Across Special Populations: Pediatrics, Geriatrics, and  Pregnancy.
2327. Healing from Within: Regenerative Medicine in Pain Therapy.
2328. The Cutting Edge: Interventional Strategies for Pain Management.
2329. Motion as Medicine: Harnessing the Power of Movement-Based Therapies.
2330. Sports Neurology.
2331. Management of Vestibular Symptoms in Sports-Related Concussion.
2332. Evolution of the Neurometabolic Cascade of Traumatic Brain Injury.
2333. Thermoresponsive hydrogel for long-acting delivery of structurally intact and  biologically active Fab fragment and monoclonal antibody.
2334. Comprehensive analysis of pathogenic mechanisms of Enterobacter cancerogenus  ECL9 in silkworms.
2335. Elucidating the therapeutic mechanism of Gomisin G from Guomin Gecoction for  psoriasis treatment through targeting the PI3K-AKT/JAK3-STAT3 pathway.
2336. The kisspeptin analog C6 elicits greater tachyphylaxis and transcriptional  activation than kisspeptin-10 and -54.
2337. Serological diagnosis of canine leptospirosis using a chimeric protein based on  bacterial surface antigens.
2338. Reorganization of the cutaneous immune microenvironment in tegumentary  Leishmaniasis-HIV coinfection: a multiparametric in situ immunohistochemical  analysis.
2339. Heterogeneity of plasmids containing OXA-48-like and NDM-5 carbapenemases and  emergence of OXA-181 and NDM-5 co-carrying strains and plasmids in Escherichia  coli from veterinary settings.
2340. The perils of perfection: A prospective population-based cohort study of  perfectionism and depression in young adults.
2341. Independent and combined effects of first-trimester elevated fasting blood  glucose and high-normal blood pressure on pregnancy outcomes.
2342. Evidence for hippocampal globotriaosylceramide (Gb3) accumulation and spatial  memory impairment in a mouse model of Fabry disease.
2343. Prevalence and immunoreactivity of Schistosoma spindale-induced cercarial  dermatitis among paddy farmers in Assam, India: A comprehensive molecular and  proteomic study.
2344. Letter to the editor: Bidirectional associations between metabolic syndrome and  epigenetic age acceleration.
2345. Digital technologies for healthy longevity: A policy agenda from the Einstein  circle on inclusive, data-driven ageing societies.
2346. Comprehensive risk assessment and evaluation of the impact of amino acid  preparations on peripheral line-associated bloodstream infection: A  single-center retrospective observational study using propensity score matching.
2347. Severe anaemia in African children: look beyond under-fives.
2348. Endoscopic retrieval of a migrated plastic stent after endoscopic  ultrasound-guided hepaticojejunostomy.
2349. Adaptive Admittance Control for Robotic Ultrasound Examination Based on a Breast  Biomechanical Model.
2350. Comparison of Over-the-Head and Standard Lateral Cardiopulmonary Resuscitation:  A Prospective Crossover Simulation Study.
2351. Time-Critical Diagnosis of Pediatric Testicular Torsion in a Tertiary Pediatric  Emergency Setting: Integrating Clinical Predictors With Selective Doppler  Ultrasound.
2352. Higher plasma catecholamine concentrations in oral cancer patients and  association with clinical and psychological characteristics.
2353. Fresh frozen plasma in postpartum hemorrhage: signal or severity?
2354. Strike a pose, and…virtual visit? Examining virtual vs. in-person consultations  for gender affirmation surgery.
2355. Prevalence of, and factors associated with, urogenital pelvic floor disorders  among women from a refugee-background: A cross-sectional study.
2356. Effects of Floc & Lock technique materials on the enzymatic activity of benthic  macroinvertebrates.
2357. PM(2.5)-dominant disruption of male reproductive hormone homeostasis:  Prospective cohort evidence on differential effects from fine versus coarse  particulate matter.
2358. Enhancement of carcinogenic and non-carcinogenic health risk of heavy metals in  eggs and ecological impacts: A comparative study before and after gold mine  reoperation in Thailand.
2359. GLASS-seq: a gel-anchored, ligation-assisted, scalable biosensing platform for  low-cost regional spatial transcriptomics.
2360. Physical activity and loneliness in rural left-behind children: The mediating  roles of social anxiety and self-concept.
2361. Ribavirin mitigates Alzheimer's disease model phenotypes by enhancing lysosomal  function and suppressing ISR.
2362. Novel polyherbal-mediated ZnFe₂O₄ nanoparticles: Synthesis, characterization,  antimicrobial, and anti-inflammatory evaluation against respiratory pathogens.
2363. Bidirectional interactions among ecosystem services under the Grain for Green  Program: Insights from simultaneous equation models.
2364. Towards global estimates of reservoir nitrogen fixation: insights from machine  learning.
2365. From green waste to horticultural resources: A novel approach to quantifying  greenhouse gas emission factors for decision-making.
2366. Genome-wide copy number analysis identifies AKT as a novel therapeutic target in  pleural mesothelioma.
2367. The management of pink pulseless hands in paediatric supracondylar humerus  fractures: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
2368. Reading-selective areas in the cerebellum in adult readers.
2369. Diagnostic accuracy of flat panel computed tomography for acute stroke: a  systematic review and meta-analysis of diagnostic test accuracy studies.
2370. Nuclear medicine techniques in gynaecological malignancy: a review of best  practice.
2371. Comparative immunopathology and clinical features of MOGAD and AQP4-IgG NMOSD in  children: A scoping review.
2372. Investigation of proton spallation effect on Electron Emission Coefficient  electrodes coated with metamaterial.
2373. Approaches to using retention indices with coupled column pressure tuning in gas  chromatography.
2374. Simultaneous enantioselective separation of 2-, 3- and 4-chloromethcathinones  using supercritical fluid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry and its  application to human oral fluid samples.
2375. Data mining methods, tasks, and algorithms for adverse drug reaction analysis in  pharmacovigilance: A scoping review.
2376. Development and validation of an interpretable machine learning model for  predicting systemic inflammatory response syndrome after percutaneous  nephrolithotomy: A multicenter study.
2377. Prompt engineering experiment on ChatGPT's ability to recommend orthopedic  surgeons.
2378. GPC3 chimeric antigen receptor (CAR)-NK cells combined with Enoblituzumab  enhance the anti-tumor efficacy against hepatocellular carcinoma.
2379. Retraction notice to "Amino acid chelated iron versus an iron salt in the  treatment of iron deficiency anemia with pregnancy: A randomized controlled  study" [Eur. J. Obstet. Gynecol. Reprod. Biol. 210 (2017) 242-246].
2380. Fertility and pregnancy knowledge and expectations among women with a history of  metabolic bariatric surgery.
2381. Resilience among family caregivers of women with breast cancer: a systematic  review and meta-synthesis of qualitative studies.
2382. Soil heavy metal prediction using GF-5 hyperspectral image and environmental  covariates with data augmentation.
2383. Exogenous vitamin B12 alleviated inhibition of salinity on anaerobic  dichloromethane degradation by reducing cofactor-related constraints and  reshaping community functional potential.
2384. Overlooked fluoride release from modified phosphogypsum and its effective  immobilization by Nocardia sp.
2385. Mechanistic insights into chromium immobilization and uptake inhibition in  lettuce mediated by endophyte-loaded biochar.
2386. Comment on "Malignant transformation of verrucous oral potentially malignant  disorders at a tertiary referral centre: A retrospective cohort study".
2387. Automating laboratory developed tests using the panther fusion open access:  Analytical and clinical evaluation of assays for the detection of viral causes  of meningitis and encephalitis.
2388. Ultrasound modified flaxseed protein-rice starch composite system for  texture-modified soft gels: structural, functional, and swallowing properties.
2389. Novel biosurfactant-stabilized nanoemulsions integrating interfacial  stabilization and antibacterial activity for safe surface disinfection.
2390. Genomic and functional characterization of Bacillus phage BCE1 targeting a key  gut bacterium in Aedes albopictus larvae.
2391. The Kia Tīmata Pai Randomized Controlled Trial: ENRICH Early Childhood Teacher  Training Improves Toddlers' Oral Language and Self-Regulation.
2392. Evaluating Restraint and Seclusion as Care Processes Rather Than Compliance  Metrics.
2393. Burden in Informal Caregivers of Palliative Care Patients With Pressure  Injuries: Perceived Social Support and Influencing Factors Care Burden in  Palliative Caregivers.
2394. Influence of Metal Artifact Reduction Algorithms on the Detection of Inferior  Alveolar Canal Perforations by Zirconia Implants in CBCT Images.
2395. Implementation and Outcomes of 9 Deflection Teams in Ohio.
2396. Correction: Prevention of hepatitis B virus reactivation according to hepatitis  B surface antigen status in patients receiving systemic chemotherapy in Japan  using an electronic medical record database.
2397. Retraction: In vivo NCL targeting affects breast cancer aggressiveness through  miRNA regulation.
2398. Recruitment and release of XPG during NER is controlled by pre- and  post-incision factors and EXO1.
2399. Severe cutaneous adverse reactions associated with systemic antibiotics in acne  vulgaris: a systematic review.
2400. Occupational Therapy Services Provided to Adults Diagnosed With Kidney Disease:  A Scoping Review.
2401. Psychometric Properties of Caregiver Contribution and Self-Efficacy Scales in  Cancer.
2402. Reovirus Reassortants Reveal Context-Dependent Oncolytic Phenotypes Across  Epithelial Cancer Cell Lines.
2403. Biological and Genetic Approaches in Mosquito Vector Control: Current Advances  and Future Challenges.
2404. Family Carer Involvement in Dementia Care Research: A Scoping Review and Expert  Consultation.
2405. Burden of anemia in women with uterine fibroid-associated heavy menstrual  bleeding.
2406. Effects of SGLT2I Therapy on Tubular Reabsorption and Tubular Epithelial Stress  Injury in Patients With CKD.
2407. Heart-lung transplantation in the United Kingdom: Trends and outcomes over 4  decades.
2408. Evaluating the Impact of Drug Regulation Stringency on Global Drug-Use Patterns:  A Cross-Sectional Study.
2409. Trends and Outcomes in Technology-Assisted Total Knee Arthroplasty in the United  States From 2020 to 2024.
2410. Obstetrical and medical outcomes following GLP-1 receptor agonist exposure in  pregnancy: a case series.
2411. Three-dimensional CT vascular mapping of a juxtauterine pelvic schwannoma  suggesting retroperitoneal origin: a case report.
2412. Appendiceal endometriosis mimicking acute appendicitis in a young woman: A case  report.
2413. Surgical excision for giant condyloma acuminatum (Buschke-Löwenstein tumor): A  case report.
2414. Effects of dietary nano-selenium and lysophospholipid supplementation on sperm  quality and testicular histomorphometry in Moghani ram.
2415. Dietary supplementation with bacteriophages or acidifiers mitigates Salmonella  Enteritidis challenge effects in broilers by altering intestinal bacterial  populations and morphology.
2416. Development and initial validation of a scale assessing sources of decision  hesitation in patients with lung cancer invited to participate in drug clinical  trials.
2417. A qualitative interview study of acute care surgeons' approach to literature  acquisition: Are you up to date on staying up to date?
2418. Clinical benefit of optimization of heart failure therapy after heart failure  hospitalization in adults with CHD.
2419. Assessing the psychosocial impact of a vitiligo support group in Ethiopia: A  pilot prospective study.
2420. Everyday and healthcare discrimination and polysubstance use among U.S. adults.
2421. Engineering Lymphatic Vessels and Lymphoid Microenvironments In Vitro to  Investigate Immune Cell Trafficking.
2422. Photosynthetic production of glutamine through metabolic analysis-based  engineering of Picosynechococcus sp. PCC 7002.
2423. Enhancing wildlife monitoring with computer vision: A dataset for automated  detection of barbary macaques.
2424. The complete mitochondrial genome data of the native, undescribed Tor sp.  (Actinopterygii: Cyprinidae) from Sabah, East Malaysia.
2425. Interpol review of forensic firearm examination, 2022-2025.
2426. Microfluidic-based biomimetic mitochondrial nanocomposite for targeted  immunotherapy of rheumatoid arthritis via mitochondrial transplantation.
2427. Magnetic nanoparticles enable clinically relevant in vitro diagnosis of β-lactam  allergy.
2428. Shy Like Me: Exploring Links Between Coaches' Shyness and Beliefs About Shy and  Exuberant Children in a Team Sports Context.
2429. Global surveillance of anthrax outbreaks in domestic animals and humans: A  retrospective secondary analysis of reported cases over two decades (2005-2024).
2430. Spatiotemporal distribution trends and driving factors of avian influenza in  poultry in China.
2431. Role of apparent diffusion coefficient (ADC) and MRI-derived parameters in  identifying p53-abnormal subtypes of endometrial cancer.
2432. Recovery of daily-life walking after total knee arthroplasty: A two-year  longitudinal study and comparison with healthy controls.
2433. Species interactions are key to spatiotemporal gene expression and multilayer  formation in Stenotrophomonas maltophilia K279a dual species biofilms.
2434. Cu(2)MoS(4) nanozymes reduced bacterial defenses through a dual mechanism to  amplify cuproptosis-like death and accelerate the healing of burn-infected  wounds.
2435. Amplifying bacterial cuproptosis by NIR driven biomimetic metal organic  framework for nanocatalytic enhanced bacterial pneumonia immunotherapy.
2436. Data-driven optimization of salt shock for high-efficiency ectoine production in  Halomonas elongata.
2437. Mental health, personality, and cross-addictions as predictors of social media  addiction: a machine learning longitudinal study.
2438. Food-environment policies for child nutrition in Ecuador and Latin America:  beyond front-of-package labels and advertising restrictions.
2439. Iodine-125 seed induces ferroptosis through inhibiting RNF216-mediated  ubiquitination of p53 in cholangiocarcinoma cells.
2440. Magnetic resonance imaging-based Alzheimer's disease detection using an  EfficientNet-CMSACCN framework.
2441. Design of allergen-specific inhibitors against shrimp-induced allergic response.
2442. Association between osteoporosis and arthritis: Results from the NHANES and  Mendelian randomization study.
2443. Quantifying the potential of alcohol policies for cancer prevention in the EU: a  modelling study.
2444. Effectiveness of couple-based maternity education on husbands' involvement in  maternity continuum of care service utilization in rural communities of Central  Ethiopia: Protocol of cluster randomized controlled trial.
2445. DCAF7 enhances atherosclerosis in vascular endothelial cells by promoting  SLC40A1 transcription through facilitating TNF-mediated NF-κB function.
2446. Relationship Between Radiocapitate Distance as a Structural Parameter and  Clinical Outcomes After Volar Locking Plate Fixation of Distal Radius Fractures.
2447. Association of Lunate Facet Inclination Angle and Interfacet Angle With Kienböck  Disease: A Biomechanical Study.
2448. Palmar Dislocation of the Trapezoid with Associated Carpometacarpal Injuries:  Two Case Reports and Literature Review.
2449. Long-term outcomes of patients receiving Dialysis and undergoing Transcatheter  aortic valve replacement with contemporary balloon-expandable valves.
2450. Hepatocellular carcinoma muscle and skin metastasis: A case-report.
2451. Epitope mapping of humoral immunogenicity of orvacabtagene autoleucel shows an  IgM response with minimal impact on CAR T cellular kinetics.
2452. Tampon test measurement properties in women with provoked vestibulodynia:  baseline data from a pragmatic randomized clinical trial.
2453. Development of chimeric antigen receptors targeting the γδ T cell receptor.
2454. Social expectations in early-stage psychosis: Less stereotypical facial  expression predictions.
2455. Safe management of sequential chemotherapy in a hemodialysis patient with  metastatic colorectal cancer: A case report.
2456. Initial chemotherapy decreases transfusion dependence and enables definitive  therapy in metastatic thymoma complicated by pure red cell aplasia: A case  report.
2457. Higher-order multiple primary cancers and persistent cross-site risk across  human papillomavirus-related anatomical sites in the United States: a  population-based Surveillance, Epidemiology, and End Results study.
2458. Gestational trophoblastic neoplasia treated with low-dose induction chemotherapy  despite prognostic score < 13: a case report.
2459. Recent advances in HER2-targeted inhibitors for cancer therapy.
2460. Correction to "The Psychosocial Imprint of Childhood Adversity: How ACEs and  Stress Shape Life Satisfaction and Social Connectedness".
2461. Transcriptomic Analysis Reveals Multilayer Regulation Underlying Development and  Pregnancy in the Malayan Pangolin.
2462. Stimulating Thyrotropin Receptor Antibodies Enhance the Expression of Both  Thyrotropin Receptors and Insulin-Like Growth Factor 1 Receptors in Fibroblasts.
2463. Early metabolic trajectory and sedation strategy in V-V ECMO for severe  pneumonia: a multicenter cohort study.
2464. Validation of the International Weed Genomics Consortium genome annotation  pipeline through reannotation of the model species Arabidopsis thaliana.
2465. A physiology-informed microRNA framework for urothelial carcinoma in  hemodialysis patients.
2466. Consensus and learning climate in temporary versus permanent teams in team-based  learning.
2467. Herpes zoster as a vaccine-preventable risk factor increases the risk of  dementia: A nested case-control study in Chinese population.
2468. Effects of a Mobile Application for Patients With Type 2 Diabetes Initiating  Insulin Therapy: Randomized Controlled Trial.
2469. Chromatographic Method Validation for Simultaneous Determination of Bergenin and  Alpha-Lipoic Acid in Skin Penetration Studies.
2470. High-density mutation tracks are associated with proton-beam irradiation  patterns in Sorghum bicolor.
2471. Sensory nerves protect against tendon degeneration.
2472. Suboptimal vaccine coverage for preventable respiratory infections in children  with cystic fibrosis in the Cystic Fibrosis Regional Reference Centre of  Tuscany: Need for improving preventive strategies.
2473. Combining indocyanine green fluorescence imaging and ultrasound intraoperatively  to visualize primary and secondary cancerous lesions in the liver: Systematic  review and meta-analysis.
2474. Corrigendum to "Enhancing neonicotinoid removal in recirculating constructed  wetlands: The impact of Fe/Mn biochar and microbial interactions" [J. Hazard.  Mater. 476 (2024) 135139].
2475. Socioecological Factors Interact to Drive Differences in Hygiene Indicator Load  on Retail Fresh Produce Available to Athens, GA Communities.
2476. Androgen receptor as therapeutic indicator for LAR-positive triple-negative  breast cancer: Preclinical and clinical assessment.
2477. The dendritic cell identity crisis: Why do conflicting classifications demand a  consensus framework?
2478. Optimal screening practices for diabetic retinopathy in children and adolescents  with type 1 diabetes: a systematic review to inform global screening guidance.
2479. Evaluation of temporal preservation in synthetic longitudinal patient data.
2480. Human cytomegalovirus (HHV5) reactivation during lactation.
2481. Leveraging the dominant-negative effect of the kuru-protective G127V prion  protein variant as a novel therapeutic strategy.
2482. Culturable microorganisms in preservation fluids of historical anatomical wet  collections.
2483. Trigeminal motor root anatomy from pons to foramen ovale and its surgical  implications: A study using epoxy sheet plastination and three-dimensional  reconstruction.
2484. Surface engineering of graphene as a novel nano-carrier for doxorubicin using  sugar-based deep eutectic systems.
2485. GLUT1-driven glycolytic reprogramming in microglia promotes neuroinflammation  and cognitive deficits in sepsis-associated encephalopathy.
2486. Effects of carob (Ceratonia siliqua) and carob-derived products on glycaemic  control and insulin resistance: A systematic review of clinical trials.
2487. Early-life low-dose lead exposure impairs synaptic development via epigenetic  repression of the PI3K/AKT/mTOR signaling pathway.
2488. Spinal astrocytes hardly proliferate following peripheral nerve injury: Evidence  from adult Aldh1l1-GFP reporter mice.
2489. Redefining textbook outcome in contemporary colon surgery.
2490. Necrotic tumor cells contribute to pro-tumoral responses and inflammatory  mediator production via NF-κB activation in oral squamous cell carcinoma.
2491. Inhibition of biogenic amine formation in the Pseudomonas fluorescens quorum  sensing system via PVA/CMS films loaded with HNTs-lycopene/phytol.
2492. Portable cold-assisted head-space solid-phase microextraction coupled with  GC-MS/MS for sensitive determination of trace polychlorinated naphthalenes in  water.
2493. Beyond the first dose: Systematic review on external beam radiotherapy for  locoregional breast cancer recurrence.
2494. Modeling takeover decisions in driving automation: a multilevel drift-diffusion  model (MDDM) framework integrating human, system, and environmental factors.
2495. Validation of a two-tier serological strategy using in-house ELISA and Western  blotting for improved surveillance of Trichinella spiralis in swine populations.
2496. A novel silver(I) coordination compound with  diphenyl((8-oxyquinolyl)methyl)phosphine oxide. Synthesis, Structure, and  Biological Activity.
2497. Novel 2-indolinone benzylpiperidine- thiosemicarbazone hybrids as cholinesterase  inhibitors: Design, synthesis and biological evaluation.
2498. Azvudine (FNC), a next-generation cytidine analog with broad inhibitory activity  against drug-resistant HIV-1 strains via stabilization of the reverse  transcriptase catalytic complex.
2499. Rational design and synthesis of pyrazole-based sulfonamides as dual carbonic  anhydrase and PRAK-targeting anticancer agents.
2500. Selenium nanoparticles alleviate chromium stress in wheat (Triticum aestivum L.)  by inhibiting root uptake, enhancing antioxidant capacity, and regulating the  rhizosphere microbiome.
2501. Nature-based practice for mariculture tailwater treatment: Microbial trajectory  in three ponds and two dams.
2502. Influence of urine nitrogen concentration and environmental conditions on  ammonia emissions and nitrogen uptake in temperate pasture systems.
2503. Variations in GHG fluxes in small- and medium-sized water bodies in different  climate zones.
2504. Microbially induced mineralization for mine tailings treatment: Progress,  challenges, and future prospects.
2505. Lagged crop responses to drought across China: contrasting multivariate  environmental pathways in rainfed and irrigated systems.
2506. The association between antiretroviral therapy adherence following cancer  diagnosis and survival outcomes in people living with HIV and cancer in  Shanghai, China.
2507. Taking progressive biology seriously in the time of B-cells and BTK.
2508. Green Human Resource Management and Employee Mental Well-Being: The roles of  Ethical Leadership and Green Intrinsic Motivation.
2509. Schwertmannite transformation under strongly-acidic conditions favoring jarosite  precipitation: The effect of arsenic(V) and temperature.
2510. Application of HepaSH cells for predicting cholestatic drug-induced liver injury  via bile acid-dependent toxicity assay.
2511. A blind spot of human T cell immunology: epitope specificity in secondary  lymphoid organs.
2512. Stereoselective synthesis of 1,2-annulated C-glycosides via palladium-catalyzed  intramolecular annulation of C-aryl glycosides.
2513. Raloxifene and tamoxifen reshape the immunometabolic phenotype of TLRs-activated  macrophages through AEBS inhibition and lysosomal stress.
2514. Malvidin and its glycosides in cancer treatment: Mechanisms, synergies and drug  delivery strategies.
2515. Targeting the fusion machinery of Peste des petits ruminants virus: design and  in vitro characterization of an HRC-derived antiviral peptide.
2516. Shifting from alteplase to tenecteplase in acute ischemic stroke: Progress,  promise, and perils.
2517. Functional analysis of IRF1/2 homolog in immune regulation of the sea urchin  Strongylocentrotus intermedius.
2518. Evaluation of the remineralisation potential of a novel peptide GA-C16G2 on  artificial root dentine lesions.
2519. Multifrequency tabletop magnetic resonance elastography for ex-vivo  characterization of murine intestinal tissue biomechanics.
2520. Frequent Use of Hematologic Testing in Children Admitted for Nonaccidental  Trauma.
2521. Teaching Video NeuroImage: Tardive Blepharoclonus.
2522. Evaluating the cost-effectiveness of adjuvanted influenza vaccine in the older  adult population in the Netherlands.
2523. Goodbye, idiopathic short stature: why "healthy short stature" is a necessary  advancement.
2524. Successful long-term palliative pain management using an intrathecal catheter  adapted as a lumbar drain connected to an external infusion pump: A case report.
2525. A Socioeconomic Assessment of Projected Health Impacts From Outdoor Air  Pollution Under Current European Climate Policy: A Modelling Study.
2526. Understanding the experiences of South Asian adults' management of food allergy.
2527. Change in Physical Activity Patterns Through a School-Based Intervention: The  Altus Health and Wellness Academy Model.
2528. Cannabis Use and Tooth Loss by Race and Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity.
2529. Not all anesthetic techniques fit the questions: editorial fit reflects  scientific fit.
2530. SIRT2-mediated regulation of glycolytic flux: another brick in the wall of Gary  Lopaschuk's legacy in cardiac metabolism.
2531. Oxaloacetate inhibition of succinate dehydrogenase: mechanism and physiological  implications.
2532. A low-cost metabolic apparatus for student labs: measuring oxygen consumption  and ventilation in conscious mice.
2533. Perspectives and Experiences of People Receiving Care on a De-escalation  Intervention to Reduce Restrictive Practices in Acute Mental Health Units.
2534. Mild Thyroid Eye Disease-The Most Common yet the Least Studied Presentation of  Thyroid Eye Disease.
2535. Engaging Rural Practitioners and Community Collaborators in Substance Use  Disorder Needs Assessments: Recruitment Approaches Across 4 States.
2536. Exploring the Impacts of Public Health Funding Cuts on Local Health Department  Operations in Indiana.
2537. Intralesional human papillomavirus vaccination for cutaneous verrucae: a  systematic review and meta-analysis of therapeutic efficacy.
2538. A global review of mistletoe frugivory and seed dispersal: The plant  perspective.
2539. Exploring Eating Patterns and Cooking Habits Among Emerging Adult College  Students to Inform a Pilot Meal Kit Program.
2540. Beyond an incidental finding: Reframing persistent left superior vena cava as a  marker of comprehensive foetal cardiovascular assessment.
2541. The role of type D personality in pregnancy symptom severity, functional  limitations, and maternal ambivalence.
2542. Screening and Characterization of Nanobody Against the Emerging Dairy Cattle  H5N1 Influenza Virus.
2543. Immunoinformatics-Driven Design of a Multiepitope Vaccine for Rustrela  Virus-Induced Neurological Diseases: A New Frontier in Encephalitis and  Meningoencephalitis Prevention.
2544. Focused ultrasound-mediated blood-brain barrier opening enhances delivery of Rg3  ginseng nanoparticles in a Parkinson's disease mouse model.
2545. Deciphering the genetic basis of yield components in wheat by integrating  hyperspectral-based phenomes.
2546. Physical activity trajectories and associated factors in patients with lung  cancer undergoing chemotherapy: A longitudinal study.
2547. Characteristics of cannabis warnings in the United States: A content analysis.
2548. Air pollution and adverse birth outcomes: a narrative review of epidemiological  and mechanistic findings.
2549. Progressive Giant Orf Disease With Recurring.
2550. Mechanisms of electroacupuncture for the treatment of Alzheimer's disease by  activating Wnt/β-catenin pathway to improve blood-brain barrier function.
2551. Magnitude of adolescent sexual activity and its associated factors among  selected secondary school student in Addis Ketema Sub-city, Addis Ababa,  Ethiopia.
2552. Edaravone-loaded ROS-responsive nanosystem for targeted ischemic stroke therapy  by crossing the gut-brain barrier.
2553. Advancing photocytotoxicity evaluation of nitric oxide derivative-ruthenium  complex in 3D biofabricated breast cancer models.
2554. Ultrasound-driven microbubble motors for targeted myocardial  ischemia-reperfusion injury treatment.
2555. Lactate-to-albumin ratio as an independent predictor of short- and long-term  mortality in ICU patients with malignant tumors: A retrospective cohort study.
2556. A prognostic senescence-related long non-coding RNA signature identifies cold  and hot tumors of stomach adenocarcinoma.
2557. Erratum: [Corrigendum] MicroRNA-182 promotes epithelial-mesenchymal transition  by targeting FOXN3 in gallbladder cancer.
2558. Digital connectivity and social wellbeing in a polycrisis setting: longitudinal,  nationwide, population-weighted evidence from Myanmar, 2021 to 2024.
2559. Application value and challenges associated with plasma cell-free DNA  metagenomic sequencing technology in the diagnosis of infections in patients  with hematological disorders.
2560. Understanding the biological limits of hybridization-dependent siRNA off-target  interactions.
2561. Distribution and antibiotic resistance profiles of uropathogens at Madan  Bhandari Hospital, Nepal: Focus on multidrug and extensively drug-resistant  strains.
2562. The inhibitory effect of curcumin on airway inflammation in mice with chronic  obstructive pulmonary disease and its mechanism: a study based on the  PPARγ/AMPK/mTORC1 pathway.
2563. JAK inhibitor-associated acne: a mechanistic paradox with important clinical  implications.
2564. Why has the United States of America not ratified the United Nations Convention  on the Rights of the Child? The veto fulcrum as a new health policy analysis  framework.
2565. Predictive value of gastrointestinal decompression volume and its trajectory  over time for surgical intervention in children with postoperative adhesive  small bowel obstruction.
2566. Menstrual Management and Contraception for Patients With Disabilities.
2567. The Possibility of X-Type Ions With Linear Saturated Non-Reducing Termini  Dissociated From Potasiated Saikosaponins.
2568. MSR1 Drives MASLD Progression Via Disrupting FoxO3a-SOD3 Mediated Redox Balance  in Liver Macrophages.
2569. Effects of blood flow restriction training combined with resistance training on  lower-limb strength and sport-specific performance in athletes: a systematic  review and meta-analysis.
2570. Restriction-Weighted Q-Space Trajectory Imaging (ResQ): Toward Mapping  Diffusion-Time Effects With Tensor-Valued Diffusion Encoding in Human Prostate  Cancer Xenografts.
2571. Design and characterization of a resveratrol spray-dried inhalable formulation  for pulmonary delivery with in vivo pharmacokinetic and toxicological  evaluation.
2572. Making Psychiatric Ward Safety a Nursing-Led Rights-Based Learning System in  Taiwan.
2573. Authors' Response to "Vasopressors in Early Burn Resuscitation: Physiological  Concerns Revisited".
2574. Dissociation Between Peripheral Muscle Strength and Exercise Capacity in  Symptomatic Post-COVID-19 Individuals: Implications for Musculoskeletal  Rehabilitation.
2575. Childhood maltreatment increases psychological distress among adolescents:  Longitudinal mediating roles of self-continuity and self-control.
2576. Disparities in HIV/STI testing and diagnosis by population groups, geography,  and age in Victoria, Australia.
2577. Retraction notice to 'Mitochondrial ferritin upregulation reduced oxidative  stress and blood-brain-barrier disruption by maintaining cellular iron  homeostasis in a neonatal rat model of germinal matrix hemorrhage' [Experimental  Neurology 374 (2024) 114703].
2578. Dietary reprogramming of T-cell function enhances anti-cancer immunotherapy  efficacy.
2579. Tier-specific location of Lewy body pathology and related neuromelanin levels  drive dopaminergic cell vulnerability in pigmented non-human primates.
2580. PPARδ in neurological diseases: Mechanisms and therapeutic prospects.
2581. Detection of atrial fibrillation via adhesive single-lead ECG vs. Holter  monitoring in embolic stroke of undetermined source: the AVANT-GARDE trial.
2582. Extracellular vesicles in the tumor microenvironment: Diverse origins,  multifaceted functions, and emerging therapeutic opportunities.
2583. Associations between movement behaviors, sleep, and screen time exposure in  middle childhood using multivariable modelling.
2584. Comprehensive evaluation of Gd(2)O(3) reinforced polyhydroxybutyrate as a hybrid  neutron-gamma shielding material: Spatial dose mapping, photon buildup factors  and neutron capture performance under primary and secondary radiation.
2585. CD206 deficiency aggravates paraquat-induced acute lung injury in mice.
2586. Executive function and preschoolers' responses to severe transgressions:  implications for early forgiveness.
2587. Enhancing vulnerability, reliability, and resilience of integrated green-grey  networks via multi-objective optimization and multi-scale assessment of  redundancy strategies.
2588. Sustainable intensification of Brazilian pastures reconciles food security with  large-scale soil carbon sequestration.
2589. Peak greening at moderate shrinking intensity across Chinese counties.
2590. Nonlinear hydrothermal associations between coupled landscape ecological risk  and resilience in a major grain-producing region of China.
2591. Extraction and chromatographic purification of purpurin: A scalable approach  using modified dry column vacuum chromatography.
2592. Environmentally relevant polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon mixtures disrupt  ovarian endocrine function in the domestic hen (Gallus gallus domesticus).
2593. Sirtuin 3 alleviates ovarian granulosa cell senescence through regulating  mitochondrial quality control.
2594. Knowability predicts curiosity and learning.
2595. Extraction techniques, structural features, structure-activity relationships and  mechanisms of Imperata cylindrica polysaccharides against hyperuricemic  nephropathy: A review.
2596. Complex interactions between lightness, chroma, and hue in color ensemble  perception.
2597. Cuminal-triggered mitophagy induces mitochondrial dysfunction, resulting in  decreased vegetative growth and pathogenicity in Trichothecium roseum.
2598. Effect of an aerobic exercise-based programme throughout chemotherapy on  cognitive function in patients with breast cancer: A non-randomized controlled  study.
2599. An Activatable fluorescence probe for real-time monitoring of Peroxynitrite in  diabetic wound mouse model.
2600. Psychiatric Symptoms Associated with Corticosteroid Use: A Systematic Review and  Meta-analysis.
2601. Body fat estimation in the Mexican women's national soccer team: a  cross-sectional agreement study between a derived Mexican Football Federation  anthropometric equation and dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry.
2602. Axial Length Growth Reference Curves and LMS Parameters for Japanese Children  and Adolescents Aged 4-20 Years: The TMM BirThree Cohort Study.
2603. Retraction notice to "Beneficial effect of Calculus Bovis Sativus on  17α-ethynylestradiol-induced cholestasis in the rat" [Life Sci. 113 (2014)  22-30].
2604. An update on the Tenebrio molitor immune system.
2605. Comparative evaluation of Truenat® MTB Plus assay and GeneXpert® MTB/RIF assay  for the diagnosis of pulmonary and extrapulmonary tuberculosis: A pilot study.
2606. Beyond diagnosis: Why and how virtual reality should be used in research on  neurodevelopmental conditions?
2607. Human-relevant exposure to mixtures of rare earth elements disrupts T3  homeostasis through impaired synthesis and conversion in human Thyrocytes.
2608. Response to the letter to the editor: From variability to value: Advancing  vancomycin therapeutic drug monitoring toward decision-grade practice through  commutability-informed external quality assessment and uncertainty-aware  reporting.
2609. Clinical outcomes of myeloablative allogeneic peripheral blood stem cell  transplantation for relapsed/refractory T-ALL/LBL: A single-center study.
2610. Arsenic exposure disrupts human hematopoiesis by impairing the generation and  function of hematopoietic stem and progenitor cells.
2611. METTL1 promotes hepatic steatosis by mediating m(7)G modification of ALOX15B  mRNA.
2612. Iridoids in medicinal herbs for the treatment of cardiovascular diseases:  Ethnopharmacology, phytochemistry, and pharmacology.
2613. Bu-Sui-Dan promotes angiogenesis to mitigate age-related osteoporosis via the  ZEB1/Notch1 axis.
2614. Measurement stability and differential domain-specific trajectories of the PHQ-9  in late-life depression: Evidence from a collaborative care trial.
2615. Species-specific inhibition of human and rat gonadal 3β-hydroxysteroid  dehydrogenases by emerging organophosphate esters: A multiscale approach  combining in vitro assays and computational modeling.
2616. Characterization of molecular targets as a strategy for the development of new  anthelmintics: A literature review.
2617. Small extracellular vesicles-enhanced enzymatic activity for sensitive  detection.
2618. Tuning of gaseous and aqueous iodine sequestration in triazine-linked covalent  organic frameworks via ligand engineering.
2619. The value of neutrophil to high-density lipoprotein ratio in anti-NMDAR  encephalitis.
2620. Metabolic dysfunction in multiple sclerosis: Elevated lactate and impaired  post-exercise creatine response in the anterior cingulate cortex.
2621. Development and validation of a UPLC-MS/MS method for real-time  neuropharmacokinetic monitoring of iboga alkaloids in rat brain.
2622. Problem-solving therapy versus supportive psychotherapy for Veterans with  moderate suicide risk and chronic pain: A pilot randomized clinical trial.
2623. Gut microbiota dysbiosis in chronic liver disease: Mechanisms driving  hepatocellular carcinoma progression and therapeutic implications of Chinese  medicine.
2624. Structural and electronic insights into Cr-doped CuS nanoparticles through XRD,  EPR, and synchrotron radiation-based XAFS.
2625. Correlation between structural features and gamma-radiation interaction in  BiOI/SnO(2) nanocomposites: An experimental evaluation for lead-free radiation  applications.
2626. Multi-residue analysis of systemic insecticides and their transformation  products in environmental matrixes: Method development and application.
2627. Cell separation coupled with surface-enhanced Raman spectroscopy: A critical  review.
2628. The effects of hypoxia environment at high-altitudes on inflammation and  angiogenesis in wound healing process:A meta-analysis and review.
2629. Visualization of the influence of sodium citrate on iron and uranium  precipitation in a 2D laboratory scale tank.
2630. Dynamic adsorption behavior of bio-based adsorbent for multicomponent  wastewater.
2631. Artificial intelligence-enhanced nurse navigation for monitoring and care of  long COVID.
2632. Pathways linking emergency department work environment to nurse's burnout: The  mediating effects of teamwork and workload.
2633. Development of an emergency department missed nursing care scale using the  Delphi method.
2634. Aponeurosis shape change as an indirect indicator for the force transmission  mechanics in pennate muscles-A pilot study.
2635. Throwing good effort after bad: Evidence for a sunk-cost effect in cognitive  effort-based decision-making.
2636. Cross-linguistic differences in incremental planning under uncertainty.
2637. The functional relevance of human leukocyte antigens in the development of cord  blood derived advanced cellular therapies: A new direction of public cord blood  banks.
2638. Patterns in motion: Choreographing dynamic cell behaviours during tissue repair.
2639. Self-assembled hierarchically porous composite film with ultrahigh MIL-101  loading for efficient atmospheric water harvesting.
2640. Aloe leaf-inspired and machine learning-driven porous carbon/FeSiAl flake  metamaterials for low-frequency ultra-wideband electromagnetic absorption.
2641. Tandem synergistic photocatalytic CO(2) reduction to ethylene over a  Pd/W(18)O(49) nanoporous structure.
2642. Heat stress on oocyte collection day has a greater impact on the conception rate  than on embryo transfer day in bovine OPU-IVF programs.
2643. Driving with autism spectrum disorder: Exploring the impact of tactile hazard  warnings on gaze behavior and hazard responses.
2644. Ocean acidification exacerbates UVR-induced inhibition of photosystem II and I  in Corallina officinalis.
2645. Effect of adenomyosis on the cumulative live birth rate in oocyte donation  cycles: a retrospective analysis.
2646. Structural characterization, controlled enzymatic hydrolysis and  immunomodulatory activities of three ginseng polysaccharides.
2647. Hsa_circ_0003258 drives serine biosynthesis and docetaxel resistance in prostate  cancer by enhancing IGF2BP3-mediated PSAT1 mRNA stability.
2648. Robotic Choledochal Cyst Excision With Intracorporeal Roux-en-Y  Hepaticojejunostomy in Adolescent and Adult Patients: Clinical and  Quality-of-Life Outcomes.
2649. Early antibiotic exposure and vaccine immune responses in preterm infants:  potential sex-specific differences.
2650. Neutralization of reactive oxygen species with cobinamide augments aortic  dissections and rupture in BAPN-administered mice.
2651. Branched-chain and glucogenic amino acids predict brown fat recruitment and  metabolic clearance in adults with overweight or obesity.
2652. Early dysanapsis in experimental bronchopulmonary dysplasia: implications for  lifelong lung disease.
2653. Modulation of Respiratory Diseases by the Endocannabinoid System: A Therapeutic  Perspective.
2654. Letter to the editor regarding the article: Cervical length and fetal  fibronectin for the identification of true spontaneous onset of labor.
2655. Effects of Short-Term Versus Long-Term Mentalization-Based Therapy on  Psychiatric Symptoms in Outpatients With Borderline Personality Disorder:  Exploratory Results From a Randomized Clinical Trial.
2656. HBV-Specific T Cell Responses for Short-Term Hepatitis Progression Prediction: A  Comparative, Interpretable Machine Learning Study.
2657. Publisher Correction: TLR7 in systemic lupus erythematosus: genetics and  emerging therapies.
2658. Neuropathological and Molecular Features Associated With a Heterozygous DNAJC7  Mutation in Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis.
2659. Impact of the 2025 Endocrine Society clinical practice guideline on the  diagnosis and management of primary aldosteronism for the clinical laboratory.
2660. Bionic Reconstruction of the Upper Extremity.
2661. Occupational Therapist Perspectives in Upper Limb Prosthetic Rehabilitation.
2662. The Role of Traditional Limb Salvage and Finger Replantation in the Era of  Bionic Reconstruction.
2663. Avoiding a Vanilla Transhumeral Amputation.
2664. Key Clinical Trials Shaping the Future of Superficial High-Risk Bladder Cancer  Management.
2665. Role of Enhanced Imaging in Superficial Bladder Cancer Management.
2666. Cell culture medium formulation can be a driver of lipoprotein lipase release  and polysorbate degradation risk in CHO cell-based manufacturing processes.
2667. Regular exercise improves cardiac dysfunction in Drosophila by inhibiting  excessive mitochondrial fission through RalA.
2668. T-cell receptor-engineered T-cell therapy using a glypican-3-specific TCR  derived from a hepatoblastoma vaccine responder for HLA-A2-positive  glypican-3-expressing cancers.
2669. Maternal depression and paternity leave-taking in Italy: the mediating role of  coparenting and parenting stress.
2670. The anti-respiratory syncytial virus activity of biochemicals from Pyrola  incarnata.
2671. Persistent deficits in the motor unit following mono and dual administration of  SMN up-regulators in the SmnΔ7 mouse model of spinal muscular atrophy.
2672. Mutual Regulation Between Metal Ions and Secretion Systems in Gram-Negative  Bacteria: Insights into Mechanisms and Functions.
2673. Electroacupuncture treatment enhances hippocampal growth hormone level and  restores mitochondrial function in vascular dementia rats.
2674. Tong-Xie-Yao-Fang ameliorates IBS-D: Potential role of Alistipes  finegoldii-associated gut tryptophan indole metabolism.
2675. Salvia miltiorrhiza Bunge alleviates pulmonary fibrosis by promoting fibroblast  mitophagy.
2676. Inhibiting SIRT2 attenuates sepsis-associated acute kidney injury via NEU1  acetylation-mediated CD44/PI3K/AKT pathway activation.
2677. Nanostructured coatings on soft-polymer based neural probes for addressing  neuroinflammation.
2678. Cross-scale biomimicry of resilin and resilin-like proteins: From phase  separation and dityrosine photocrosslinking to tissue repair and soft robotic  devices.
2679. Macular microcirculation changes in incident type 2 diabetes without fundus  Photography-Detectable diabetic Retinopathy: A 6-Year nested Case-Control study.
2680. Endocrine-neuropsychological interplay underpinning maternal postpartum  depression.
2681. Paid Time Off Pressure in Emergency Medicine: Vacation Conflict Risk in the  Context of Group Size, and Shift Coverage.
2682. On aims and methods in field neuroethology: Investigating neural mechanisms of  behavior in semi-natural and natural contexts.
2683. miR-1260b mediates rehabilitation of postpartum pelvic floor dysfunction by  targeting PIN1.
2684. Dual roles of JMJD6 in oncogenesis and immune evasion: molecular mechanisms and  therapeutic prospects.
2685. Analysis of the effect of polyanionic phosphates on the solvent features of  aqueous media.
2686. Bioelectrochemical Sensing Dynamics of SARS-CoV-2 Biomarkers.
2687. Low-dose radiation mitigates PM2.5-induced lung impairment by down-regulating  ROS-mediated inflammation and apoptotic pathways in AECII cells.
2688. Reproductive toxicity effects and mechanisms of perfluorobutane sulfonate on the  Clitellum in Eisenia fetida: Insights from histopathology, multi-omics and  biomarker analyses.
2689. Sex-specific dysregulation of sex hormones by heavy metal mixtures: Multi-model  analysis identifies cadmium as the primary driver.
2690. Biomonitoring of nutritional and toxic elements in raw and cooked rice in the  Health Effects of Arsenic Longitudinal Study, Bangladesh.
2691. Transportation mechanisms of bubble-enhanced PFOS degradation by plasma.
2692. Environmental risk ranking of 20 metal(loid)s in urban runoff: A Swedish  nationwide meta-analysis.
2693. Global inequalities in non-carcinogenic health risks associated with drinking  arsenic-contaminated groundwater.
2694. Overlooked dissemination risk of resistomes in mining soil environments.
2695. Constructing Fe single-atoms decorated by carbon-coated FeCo ultrathin  nanoparticles as high-efficient ORR/OER catalysts.
2696. American Indian/Alaska Native children in child welfare: Changes in behavioral  problems and out-of-home placement instability.
2697. Recent advances in the development of small-molecule drugs based on covalent  reversible inhibitors.
2698. Long-term biocrust restoration enhances microbial carbon use efficiency but  shifts soil organic carbon sequestration pathways.
2699. Activated biochars derived from green coconut pericarp and polyurethane waste  for CO(2) capture.
2700. Interpretable machine learning and rolling-origin validation identify two  distinct control and predictability regimes in full-scale aerated lagoon  performance.
2701. Corrigendum to "Aggregation-induced luminescence probe based lateral flow  immunoassay for the simultaneous quantitative detection of IL-6/PCT" [J. Pharm.  Biomed. Anal. 273 (2026) 117393].
2702. Phytochemical investigation of Phyllanthus emblica (Amla) for therapeutic  application in urinary tract infection (UTI) management and development of  functional tea.
2703. Cognitive reappraisal is associated with reduced threat expectancy during social  fear extinction.
2704. Ovarian teratoma and the anti-N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor encephalitis  paraneoplastic phenomenon: A systematic review and analysis of the literature.
2705. Recurrent spontaneous abortion: Integrated bioinformatics and histological  validation identify FURIN and NEDD4 as ferroptosis-associated endometrial  markers.
2706. Body temperature drives azole tolerance in Candida albicans by hindering the  autophagic degradation of Erg11.
2707. On or within: spatial determinants of antigen handling in the nasal turbinates.
2708. The histopathological and molecular protective effects of sinapic acid against  lead acetate-induced cardiac damage via NRF2/HO-1 and ER stress-related  pathways.
2709. Acute thermal stress alters sperm swimming activity, viability, and gene  expression in blue catfish, Ictalurus furcatus.
2710. State-of-the-art TinyML approaches for colorectal cancer detection: Current  advances, challenges, and future directions.
2711. Remodeling of the epithelial barrier during Cryptosporidium parvum infection in  neonatal calves.
2712. Efficacy and Safety of Perampanel in Patients With Brain Tumor-Related Epilepsy:  A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
2713. Global Access to Diagnostic Paraclinical Testing Incorporated in the 2024  Revised McDonald Criteria: Disparities and Opportunity.
2714. Quantifying the community transmission of Mycobacterium tuberculosis in a  rapidly growing Chinese city: a nine-year population-based genomic and spatial  analysis.
2715. Synchronization of the 12-h circatidal rhythm maintains the kidney through  repeated cycles of warm reperfusion in the hibernating ground squirrel.
2716. Debate, pluralism, and power in epistemological violence: Reply to Simpson et  al. (2026).
2717. When everything is violence, nothing is violence: Response to Koot et al.  (2025).
2718. Correction: Clinical validation of an adapted Eleveld Model for high‑dose  propofol treatments for depression.
2719. Hematohidrosis in a Child: Authors' Reply.
2720. Bridging the Gap Between Patient Experience and System-Level Review: A Call for  Discipline-Specific Communication in Hospital-to-Home Transitions.
2721. miR-339-5p impairs myogenic proliferation and differentiation by repressing  contractile gene programs in skeletal muscle.
2722. Mechanisms and scales in modeling forest responses to changing disturbance  regimes.
2723. Barriers and Facilitators to Telehealth in Underserved Rural Communities: A  Mixed-Methods Formative Evaluation.
2724. Gravitational load, sex, and age-sex effects on cardiovascular compensatory  responses during sit-to-stand and lie-to-stand transitions.
2725. Determinants of BCG vaccine coverage among 0-2 months aged Somali children:  Promoting equality in vaccination.
2726. A physics-informed deep learning framework for estimating muscle activation  patterns following Achilles tendon repair.
2727. Radiotherapy resistance in glioblastoma: Mechanistic insights and novel  therapeutic approaches (Review).
2728. [Retracted] Honokiol, a phytochemical from Magnolia spp., inhibits breast cancer  cell migration by targeting nitric oxide and cyclooxygenase‑2.
2729. Assessment of Nurses' Health Anxiety and Attitudes Towards Cancer Screenings: A  Cross-Sectional and Analytical Study.
2730. Photobiomodulation of Human Embryonic Stem Cell-Derived Mesenchymal Stem Cells  by 355 nm Low-Level Ultraviolet Laser Exposure.
2731. Cognitive pathways to communicative-pragmatic dysfunction in schizophrenia: The  role of autistic symptoms.
2732. Magnetocardiography to screen adults with arrhythmogenic cardiomyopathy: A  feasibility study.
2733. The Mercedes-Benz incision for posterior exposure of the lumbosacral junction:  An institutional review.
2734. Molecular characterisation of extended-Spectrum-Beta-lactamase-producing  Klebsiella pneumoniae among children and chicken in the rural Korogwe District,  Tanzania.
2735. Salvage With Revumenib: Targeting KMT2A-Rearranged Isolated Leukemia Cutis  Identified in the Extramedullary Disease.
2736. Geochemistry and X-ray diffraction data from rock salts and saltwork wastes of  Canada: data compilation.
2737. Unique GNSS data from the Eastern Betic Tectonic Arc (Western Mediterranean),  covering almost 28 years of campaign observations.
2738. A national peatland database for the Republic of Ireland.
2739. Under-5 mortality trends and leading causes of death in Greece, 2016-2020: A  nationwide study.
2740. Student mental wellbeing as an interconnected system: positioning academic,  social, and coping processes.
2741. Erratum to "Pathologists in Venice - Real world cases for an immersive training  experience": Education, gaming, and show. Journal of Pathology Informatics,  Volume 17, 2025, 100418.
2742. Erratum to PIRO: A web-based search platform for pathology reports, leveraging  large language models to generate discrete searchable insights. Journal of  Pathology Informatics, Volume 17, 2025, 100436.
2743. Early and mature Achromobacter xylosoxidans biofilm in cystic fibrosis and  non-cystic fibrosis isolates: dynamics and response to clinically relevant  antibiotics.
2744. Gender influence on heart rate variability in Cameroonian handballers.
2745. Transcriptomics identifies mild hyperthermia-conditioned tumor supernatant as an  inducer of HepG2 transition.
2746. Atorvastatin pre-exposure in hypercholesterolemia remedies 27HC mediated  dendritic cell dysfunctions in triple-negative breast cancer.
2747. Jasmonate, salicylate, and ethylene-responsive transcriptomics discovery in  spikelets of three wheat genotypes reveals a rapid and conserved response for  jasmonate signaling.
2748. Linear Gingival Erythema Presenting in Systemic Lupus Erythematous.
2749. Can We Improve the Prediction of Early Onset Mania and Hypomania in the  Community?
2750. Letter to the editor: Prenatal and postnatal characteristics of fetal abdominal  cysts and the role of prenatal ultrasonography.
2751. Response: Prenatal and postnatal characteristics of fetal abdominal cysts and  the role of prenatal ultrasonography.
2752. Expanding the Spectrum of Cutaneous ALK Fusion Mesenchymal Tumors: A Case with  Unique Histological Features.
2753. Utility of p16, p21, and PRAME Immunohistochemistry in Melanocytic Lesions.
2754. Lymphatic Phenotype Predominates in Cutaneous Kaposi Sarcoma: A Dual  Immunohistochemical Analysis of HHV8-Positive Cells.
2755. Beyond HbA1c: A CGM-centred three-pillar framework for glycaemic variability in  pre-diabetes and type 2 diabetes.
2756. The Bright Side of the Spectrum: Self-Limited Infantile Epilepsy-Related SCN8A  Gof Variant.
2757. Early STAT3 Activation and Delayed STAT5 Dominance Define the Acute Leukocyte  Signaling Response to Trauma and May Correlate with Clinical Outcomes.
2758. Erratum to "'Site-specific enrichment of highly sialylated N-glycans in an  erythropoietin-hybrid Fc fusion protein" [Eur. J. Pharm. Biopharm. 226 (2026)  115147].
2759. Long-Term Survival Outcomes of Immune Checkpoint Inhibitor-based Combination  Therapies in Favorable-Risk Metastatic Renal Cell Carcinoma: An Updated Pairwise  and Network Meta-Analysis.
2760. Retraction notice to "REGγ regulates ERα degradation via ubiquitin-proteasome  pathway in breast cancer" [Biochem. Biophys. Res. Commun. 456 (2015) 534-540].
2761. Respiro: A Community-Engaged Global Learning Experience for the International  Development of Latino Palliative Care.
2762. Surrogate Trauma in Nurses Providing Pediatric Palliative Care: A  Phenomenological Study.
2763. HPNA Position Statement: Medical Cannabis.
2764. No Child Left Behind: Advancing Access in Pediatric Dermatology, a 4-Year,  Single-Center Experience.
2765. Medical Photography's Power to Change Medical Care.
2766. Insurance Hurdles for Laser Authorization in Pediatric Patients.
2767. Inpatient Pediatric Dermatology Consultation Cases: What Constitutes a  "Dermatology Emergency?".
2768. Hidradenitis Suppurativa: Diagnosis and Treatment Challenges in Primary Care.
2769. Fading the spots: a pilot case series of partial unilateral lentiginosis treated  with Q-switched Nd: YAG laser.
2770. A validation-driven training controller for cross-lingual biomedical NER via  reinforcement learning-based adaptive loss weighting.
2771. Soluble expression, two-step purification and tagmentation-compatible activity  assessment of hyperactive Tn5 transposase using a GB1 fusion tag strategy.
2772. Methods for measuring neural activity during voluntary wheel running.
2773. Ginsenoside Rb2-based inactivation enables a Zika vaccine that maintains  pregnancy and protects offspring against virus.
2774. Lycopene as a multi-target inhibitor of ferroptosis: A narrative review of  preclinical evidence and clinical prospects.
2775. Comparison of food allergic immune responses in sensitized female and male  Balb/c mouse induced by Lateolabrax japonicus tropomyosin.
2776. SPP1 promotes fatty acid synthesis in macrophages to drive silicosis.
2777. Establishment and antiviral immune response characterization of fin cell lines  from black carp (Mylopharyngodon piceus) and gynogenetic black carp.
2778. Autochthonous probiotic Lactococcus lactis MA5 improves recovery from acute  hypoxia stress and resistance to Edwardsiella ictaluri in hybrid catfish  (Ictalurus punctatus × I. furcatus).
2779. Genome-wide identification of the cystatin gene family and functional  characterization of cystatin B in flathead mullet (Mugil cephalus).
2780. Preoperative photobiomodulation reduces pain in molar surgery: A, double-blind  clinical trial.
2781. Lactylation in metabolic dysfunction-associated steatotic liver disease:  epigenetic regulatory mechanisms and potential therapeutic strategies.
2782. Synergistic and additive terpene-THC interactions in cannabinoid CB1 and CB2  receptors.
2783. WISP-3 drives LUAD metastasis by suppressing miR-5004-5p to upregulate MMP-12.
2784. Efficacy of a novel lectin-conjugate platinum nanoparticle (MdLec-PtNP) to  protect Nile tilapia (Oreochromis niloticus) from Aeromonas hydrophila infection  by injection, immersion and oral routes of administration.
2785. Structural remodeling of tumor microtubes in IDH1 mutation shapes microRNA  transfer in glioma.
2786. Optimizing macrophage-targeted intracellular delivery systems for safe and  effective immunotherapies.
2787. Big Five personality dimensions and their association with depressive symptom  severity over the treatment course.
2788. Comparative transcriptomic analysis of pathogenic Vibrio parahaemolyticus YDE17  under iron-limited conditions.
2789. Genome mining of Neowestiellopsis persica NC-DW uncovers cryptic antimicrobial  gene clusters with potential against drug-resistant pathogens.
2790. Corrigendum to "Beta-hydroxybutyrate counteracts the deleterious effects of a  saturated high-fat diet on synaptic AMPAR receptors and cognitive performance"  [Mol Metabol (2025) 102207].
2791. Rigid side-hole cap-assisted guidewire fragmentation of giant gastric bezoars.
2792. Progress in engineered bacterial cancer therapies.
2793. Papillary muscle fibrosis on cardiac magnetic resonance imaging: a pictorial  review of causes, diagnostic challenges and practical pearls.
2794. Clinical and esthetic outcomes of free toe pulp flaps for fingertip  reconstruction: A systematic review and meta-analysis of flap survival.
2795. Indonesia's psychiatrist shortage as a structural barrier to person-centered  mental health care.
2796. Leaching kinetics and release mechanisms of microplastics/nanoparticles from  medical personal protective equipment into physiological fluids: A hidden  occupational hazard.
2797. Electrostatic shielding and metabolic interplay in microbial defense: Unraveling  the dual stress responses of nitrification-anammox systems to  per/polyfluoroalkyl substances and quaternary ammonium compounds.
2798. Antagonistic effects during phenanthrene and pyrene co-degradation by  Pseudoxanthomonas: Pathway competition and substrate preference.
2799. Is anaemia an independent risk factor for postpartum haemorrhage, a marker of  increased risk, or both?
2800. Use of a single pain coping skills session (Empowered Relief) for outpatient  postpartum pain following cesarean delivery: a pilot feasibility study.
2801. Preparation of negative carbon cement soil by corn straw biochar collaborative  carbonization technology: Mechanical properties, carbon sequestration  evaluation, microscopic mechanism.
2802. Process over outcome: Land-use transition intensity thresholds drive structural  degradation of ecological security in China's semi-humid/semi-arid ecotone.
2803. Legumes impacts and interactions with soil erosion.
2804. Unlocking seizure freedom: A European Delphi panel study on the clinical,  humanistic, and economic value of seizure control in epilepsy.
2805. A perspective on ABO incompatible transplantation.
2806. Early visual processing in adults with ADHD: evidence from contrast sensitivity,  spatial integration, and external noise.
2807. A bioinspired photoelectrochemical synapse for neurotransmitter-mediated  in-sensor computing.
2808. Salivary gland extract from Ornithodoros brasiliensis disrupts  adhesion-dependent behavior in neuroblastoma cells.
2809. Altered abdominal spatial mapping despite preserved tactile acuity in  adolescents with Restrictive Eating Disorders.
2810. Virtual influencer marketing and consumers' well-being: Understanding how social  power works.
2811. Underlying mechanisms of insomnia on PTSS among healthcare workers: A chain  mediation model.
2812. Medical escort service demand and service attributes among outpatients based on  the Kano model: A cross-sectional study.
2813. Forgetting work after work and reviving with full energy at work? A research on  the double-edged sword mechanism based on the integrative needs model of  crafting.
2814. A comparison of the effects of cognitive rehabilitation and binaural beats on  creativity, psychological well-being, and academic performance in university  students.
2815. Characterization of low-level water addition for preparative chiral SFC.
2816. The silica-based sorbents for the mixed-mode extraction of risdiplam and its  metabolite from serum samples.
2817. Impact of exposure to metallic elements on gestational diabetes mellitus:  Insights from human investigations.
2818. Co-exposure with copper alters the root uptake, xylem and phloem translocation,  and excretion of current-use pesticides (CUPs) by Rice (Oryza sativa L.).
2819. Benzo(a)pyrene aggregating lung inflammation via inducing IL1R1 expression in  asthma: Insights from network toxicology, single-cell transcriptomics, and  Mendelian randomization.
2820. Extracellular vesicles from small-follicle follicular fluid improve redox  balance and embryo development in naturally heat-stressed bovine oocytes.
2821. Allograft inflammatory factor-1 in macrophages promotes renal tubular cell  epithelial-mesenchymal transition via the NF-κB/IL-1β axis in diabetic kidney  disease.
2822. Quantitative analysis of five components of Sargentodoxae caulis-Radix alangii  drug pair using UPLC-MS/MS in rat plasma and RAW264.7 cells for comparative  pharmacokinetics in normal and diseased states.
2823. Boric acid Attenuates premature ovarian insufficiency by Modulating oxidative  stress in a Cyclophosphamide-Induced rat model.
2824. Association of perineal length and thickness with spontaneous perineal tears  during vaginal delivery: a prospective study.
2825. Characterization of the cancer-associated field of injury in the nasal  epithelium in never-smokers.
2826. Sex differences in brain frailty measures and outcomes after endovascular  thrombectomy: ESCAPE-NA1 analysis.
2827. Does treatment of nonsleepy OSA with CPAP therapy change CVD risk? A systematic  review.
2828. Comparative metabolic safety of efavirenz-, dolutegravir-, and bictegravir-based  antiretroviral regimens in HIV-infected adults: Evidence for weight-dependent  lipid deterioration.
2829. The silent struggle of nurses caring for children battling leukemia: An in-depth  examination of compassion fatigue.
2830. Synergistic defect-interface-photocarrier modulation based on IGZO/HfO(2)  heterojunction memristors for neuromorphic visual processing.
2831. Challenges in advising people with severe mental illness to quit smoking: A  conversation analysis of patient resistance.
2832. Distribution of telocytes in the choroid (eye) of a teleost: An ultrastructural  observation.
2833. A novel ERα-targeted hydrophobic tag degrader, overcomes tamoxifen resistance  via unfolded protein response-induced apoptosis and homologous recombination  repair inhibition in breast cancer.
2834. Intradialytic nutritional intake and adherence perspective of a national and  continuous meal model in a large hemodialysis patient cohort.
2835. Mechanistic insights into DCPIB inhibition of VRAC: Electrostatic control and  binding plasticity.
2836. Assessment of knowledge, attitudes, and behaviors regarding vaccinations among  LGBTQIA+ community in Italy.
2837. A Probabilistic Approach to Functional Organization Based on Extraoperative  Electrocortical Stimulation Mapping.
2838. Reduced T cell epitope cross-conservation and immunogenic potential is  associated with emergence of a dominant influenza subclade K in 2025.
2839. Thermostructural and elastic properties of Ni(3)V(2)O(8), exhibiting a kagome  layer arrangement: experimental study in the range 15-1323 K.
2840. Beyond initial adoption: addressing the know-do gap in technology-enhanced  medical education.
2841. Cellular senescence links muscle atrophy and posttraumatic osteoarthritis after  ACL injury.
2842. Role of the nonhelical tailpiece of myosin-II in regulating filament  architecture and function.
2843. Lipidomics in aortic stenosis: beyond lipid lowering.
2844. Functional exploration of metabotropic glycine receptors in cultured rat  hippocampal slices.
2845. Altered development in auditory white matter and cortical response latency in  youth with neurofibromatosis type I.
2846. Socio-digital stratification and the threshold effects of digital inclusion on  maternal health access in Somalia.
2847. Melatonin Impairs Glucose Tolerance, First-Phase Insulin Secretion, and Insulin  Feedback Inhibition; Interaction With MTNR1B Diabetes Risk Variant.
2848. Nanoelectroanalysis with Carbon Nanopipettes Based on Prussian Blue-NiHCF for  Hydrogen Peroxide Sensing.
2849. Dried Blood Spots for Doping Purpose-Two-Step Protocol for Analysis of  Non-Threshold Substances and Anabolic Steroid Esters From One Spot/Pebble.
2850. Early neutrophil infiltration promotes TRIMELVax-induced antitumor immunity by  linking local inflammation to tumor control.
2851. Luliconazole Potentiates Efficacy of Miltefosine Against Leishmania donovani.
2852. Phosphorylation of aquaporin-2 at serine 269 in urinary extracellular vesicles  reflects renal vasopressin activity in rats.
2853. Advances in SEC61G research: from ER translocon subunit to emerging pan-cancer  oncogenic roles.
2854. Discovery and optimization of a pH-responsive ultra-long-acting VHH-based growth  hormone mimetic.
2855. Classroom implementation of Hill's force-velocity relationship using accessible  materials in resource-limited educational settings.
2856. Population genomics reveals a long-term increase in azole resistance associated  with the emerging cluster AZR among Candida tropicalis causing invasive  infections.
2857. Parents' willingness to vaccinate their children with special health care needs:  a cross-sectional study.
2858. Replication associated nuclear DNA mismatch repair across kingdoms.
2859. Rural Health and Health Disparities in Hypertension Management: A Scientific  Statement From the American Heart Association.
2860. Extracellular Mitochondria Mediate Endothelial Injury After Traumatic Brain  Injury.
2861. Tracking Longitudinal Changes in Awareness, Usage, and Trust in Autonomous  Vehicles: Evidence from Large-Scale, Nationally Representative U.S. Surveys  (2023-2025).
2862. Mind the Gap: Partisan Bias in Justifying Political Violence in the United  States.
2863. Scaling Open-Ended Survey Responses Using LLM-Paired Comparisons.
2864. Comparison of the Clinical Outcomes Between Gel Immersion and Underwater  Endoscopic Mucosal Resection for Superficial Non-ampullary Duodenal Epithelial  Tumors (With Video).
2865. Thalidomide for CGD-related inflammatory bowel disease: A randomized,  double-blind trial.
2866. An optimal Petrov-Galerkin framework for operator networks.
2867. Retraction: Social Media Use for Cancer Support Among Young Adults with Cancer.
2868. Microwave hyperthermia enhances radiosensitivity of highly invasive non-small  cell lung cancer cells via inhibiting Sonic Hedgehog signaling pathway.
2869. Effect of pasteurized Akkermansia muciniphila MucT on insulin sensitivity, body  composition, and GLP-1 production in subjects with metabolic syndrome: impact of  low baseline gut Akkermansia levels.
2870. Design, synthesis, and antibacterial activity study of pyrroloquinazoline  diamine derivatives.
2871. Long-term kidney protection in IgA nephropathy with atrasentan.
2872. Benefits of finerenone treatment across chronic kidney disease aetiologies.
2873. Small and large placentas as indicators of adverse pregnancy outcomes: the role  of placental morphometrics in clinical practice.
2874. Nutritional screening within the GLIM procedure-Part 1: Development of a  conceptual definition of risk of malnutrition using a modified Delphi procedure.
2875. Hypotension and pulmonary atelectasis during general anaesthesia: a randomised  crossover laboratory study.
2876. Clinical, morphological, and genomic features of FGFR fusion Spitz neoplasms.
2877. SMARCA4-deficient uterine sarcoma: a rare and aggressive entity.
2878. Conserved HSP60 structure with lineage- and context-specific regulation in  cnidarians.
2879. Dose-response relationship between physical activity and sarcopenia in  peritoneal dialysis patients.
2880. Why Dispelling Myths and Misconceptions in Emergency Medicine Matters.
2881. Myth: Pretreatment Prevents Intravenous Contrast Reactions in the Emergency  Department.
2882. Cephalosporins Should be Avoided in Patients with Penicillin Allergy.
2883. Orthostatics Are Useful in Assessing Volume Status: Myth or Reality?
2884. Genomic insights into Listeria monocytogenes isolates associated with  neurological forms.
2885. Contextuality, incompatibility, and intra-system entanglement of mental markers:  From cognition and decision making to medicine.
2886. Altered theta-band sensory gating in individuals with high sensory processing  sensitivity (SPS).
2887. Application of functional near-infrared spectroscopy in older adults with  balance impairment: A review.
2888. Dihydromyricetin alleviates immunosenescence by modulating the TAK1/MAP3K7 Axis.
2889. When lipids silence immunity: Dendritic cell death in MASLD-associated HCC.
2890. Identification of JEV capsid interacting domain(s) with host protein(s): Novel  target for developing anti-JEV therapeutics.
2891. A pilot single-case longitudinal multi-omics of canine oral melanoma  characterizes endogenous mutation patterns and radiotherapy-associated  responses.
2892. Mesenchymal stem cell secretome attenuates disease-associated microglial  activation and cognitive decline in TBI-associated neuroinflammation.
2893. Targeting MDA-9/syntenin-1 (SDCBP) as a strategy to eliminate head and neck  squamous cell carcinoma stem cells.
2894. Hydrophilic/hydrophobic properties at the catalytic entrance of a  magnesium-dechelatase homolog modulate catalytic efficiency in the magnesium  extraction reaction.
2895. Urban particulate matter impairs human epidermal keratinocyte biology via the  TRPV1-mitochondrial axis and TRPV1-Notch signaling.
2896. Teratogenic effects of imidacloprid exposure on neurogenesis and neural tube  development in early stage chicken embryos.
2897. Mathematical model of cellular and humoral immune responses of dengue virus  infection with hematocrit dynamics.
2898. Host-pathogen interplay of Orientia tsutsugamushi: pathomolecular epidemiology  and phylo-immuno profiling in naturally infected rodents and shrews.
2899. Gastrodin inhibits the dephosphorylation of EGFR by DUSP3 to suppress oxidative  stress-induced ferroptosis in astrocytes and alleviate cerebral  ischemia-reperfusion injury.
2900. Mapping the association between cognitive disengagement syndrome and  internalizing disorders: A systematic scoping review with meta-analysis and  meta-regression.
2901. Longitudinal course of repetitive adolescent non-suicidal self-injury:  Psychological functioning among adults who have ceased or continued to  self-injure.
2902. Trypanocidal activity of nanoemulsion loaded with triterpene  3β,6β,16β-trihydroxylup-20(29)-ene from Combretum leprosum against Trypanosoma  cruzi Y strain.
2903. Targeting HDAC2 with bruceine D epigenetically restores SMAD3 expression via  H4K16ac enrichment to suppress malignant progression in EGFR-TKI-resistant lung  adenocarcinoma.
2904. New aminopiperidine-azoles as antifungal agents against Candida albicans with  mechanistic insights into the cAMP-PKA pathway.
2905. Hypnosis reduces decoding accuracy of visual and auditory representations.
2906. Microglial ferroptosis mediated neuroinflammation in central nervous system  diseases.
2907. Edaravone attenuates ACSL4-dependent ferroptosis in spinal motor neurons  following cardiac arrest in rats.
2908. A novel "Hammock method" for retrieval of large specimens after gastric  endoscopic submucosal dissection using a dual-channel endoscope.
2909. Efficacy of a novel modified double-scope endoscopic submucosal dissection  technique for large rectal lesions.
2910. High manganese levels promote soil ammonium nitrogen accumulation but suppress  plant nitrogen uptake.
2911. Prognostic stratification in resected pulmonary neuroendocrine carcinomas:  Analysis of the French database EPITHOR.
2912. Relationship between preoperative neutrophil-lymphocyte ratio and overall  survival in gastric cancer: Meta-analysis.
2913. Comparison of reconstruction kernel and monochromatic energy pairs used in dual  energy CT imaging of the proximal humerus.
2914. Oxalic acid-assisted, metal-free light-driven activation of sodium percarbonate  on kaolinite for tetracycline degradation in water: Kinetic, mechanistic, and  toxicological insights.
2915. Optimizing conservation strategies: Incorporating ecosystem services into the  proposed Asian Elephant National Park in China.
2916. Spatial patterns and key drivers of available phosphorus in Yunnan tea  plantation soils.
2917. Ketogenic diet therapy in pyruvate dehydrogenase deficiency: Global clinical  practice from literature and survey data.
2918. The use of oxybates in patients with comorbid narcolepsy and mental health  disorders.
2919. A selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) - induced case of catathrenia.
2920. Processing-dependent hepatic risk and benefit of Polygonum Multiflorum Radix:  Integrated chemical profiling, in vivo validation and candidate quality control  markers.
2921. Recovery strategy of platinum group metal ruthenium (Ru) from spent SiC  catalyst: Combined process of oxidation roasting and Fe smelting capture.
2922. Early prediction of prolonged mechanical ventilation in invasively ventilated  patients with subarachnoid hemorrhage: A MIMIC-IV prediction model study.
2923. How to dissociate porcine ovaries: towards efficient retrieval of putative  female germline stem cells.
2924. Stage-stratified prognostic impact of comorbidities on breast cancer-specific  survival: A population-based flexible parametric modelling study.
2925. Discovery of novel antimicrobials within microbiomes.
2926. Network Analysis of Sleep, Mental Health, and Stress in Korean Dentists.
2927. Comprehensive vasodilatory and antihypertensive effects of  3,7,3',4'-tetrahydroxyflavone (fisetin): Ex vivo and in vivo evidence.
2928. Two new pregnane-type steroids from Astragalus variabilis: COX-2 inhibitory  potential and structural characterization.
2929. Family of origin and the view of life values of college students: The mediating  role of self-esteem and its cultural specificity.
2930. Map of affective and maladaptive personality vulnerabilities in emotionally  immature adolescents.
2931. Effects of deflection flow on solute mixing and partitioning at rough-walled  fracture intersections.
2932. Covalent organic frameworks-bridged bis(β-cyclodextrin) chiral stationary phases  for enhanced liquid chromatographic enantioseparation.
2933. Bayesian optimization for the direct optimization of temperature-programmed  separations in ultra-fast gas chromatography electronic nose.
2934. Fatal emetic Bacillus cereus outbreak associated with consumption of pre-cooked  tortellini, Germany, August to September 2024.
2935. Optimizing the quality and biosafety of fermented corn noodles: The role of  Lactiplantibacillus plantarum in microstructural remodeling and flavor  biogenesis.
2936. Who declines genetic counseling? An assessment of genetic counseling declination  among individuals participating in a population-wide genomic screening program.
2937. Highly synergistic degradation of fluoroquinolones driven by redox dual channel  mechanism in Fe(Ⅲ)-mediated thermally activated persulfate system.
2938. Propofol attenuates H(2)O(2)-induced senescence in human umbilical vein  endothelial cells by activating the NRF2/HO-1 axis.
2939. Quantitative ultrasound scatteromics for characterization of reconstructed  neopharyngeal tissue: Assessment of postoperative speech outcome after total  laryngopharyngectomy.
2940. Three-dimensional organ-resolved modeling of ultrasound-induced acoustic and  thermal effects in the mouse abdomen.
2941. Functional characterization of PIK3CA E545A mutation in MCF-7 breast cancer  cells reveals enhanced proliferation and resistance to Alpelisib.
2942. Evaluation of the protective effects of liraglutide, dapagliflozin and their  combination in rat kidneys of streptozotocin induced diabetes.
2943. Psychiatric public commentary and digital mental health communication in  Indonesia: Emerging ethical challenges in the social media era.
2944. Efficacy of dual-track group CBT on emotion-related school attendance challenges  and parent-adolescent perceptual bias among Chinese adolescents with depression:  A non-randomized controlled trial.
2945. Effects of a policy intended to reduce vasopressin use in intensive care unit  patients with shock.
2946. PRIoritisation of orthopaedic resources and interventions in trauma (PRIORI-T):  A modified delphi consensus study.
2947. Increased Atrial 18 F-FDG Uptake on PET/CT Secondary to Atrial Flutter  Precipitated by Ibrutinib.
2948. Radiation Protection Abstracts, Volume 46, Number 1.
2949. Specialized Radiological Assets for Navigable Two-dimensional and  Three-dimensional Virtual and Augmented Reality.
2950. Nocturia and Cardiovascular Events: Risk Factor or Clinical Marker?
2951. Single-cell RNA sequencing: a powerful tool to study heterogeneity in papillary  and anaplastic thyroid carcinoma.
2952. Estimation of the delay for resumption of breastfeeding after 131-iodine therapy  by milk radioactivity measurement.
2953. Optimizing frozen section sampling for thyroid follicular neoplasms through  intraoperative ultrasound guidance.
2954. The effect of iodinated contrast media on thyroid (dys)function in children.
2955. Site-Specific Phosphoproteomics Uncovers Potential Regulatory Networks of NEK4  in DNA Damage Response and Cancer Progression.
2956. [Beyond the bladder-a specialty rediscovering itself: Outpatient. Networked.  Digital].
2957. Breast cancer screening in Europe and the role of general practitioners: A  32-country comparative survey.
2958. Single-Cell Transcriptomic Profiling Reveals Molecular Alterations in the Airway  Epithelial Cells of Children with Wheezing Infected by Respiratory Syncytial  Virus.
2959. Predicting Risk Factors of Pressure Injury for Perioperative Patients Through  Machine Learning With SHapley Additive exPlanations Based on Hospital  Information System.
2960. A Retrospective Analysis of Deep Tissue Pressure Injury Prevalence and Incidence  Using a Large-scale Wound Care Database in Long-term Care Settings Across North  America.
2961. How Do Parents With Bipolar Disorder Perceive the Risk to the Next Generation?  Results From a Qualitative Study.
2962. Paracervical block in office hysteroscopy with vaginoscopic approach to reduce  patients' pain perception: a propensity score matching analysis.
2963. Cash transfers targeting adolescent wellbeing: a scoping review of the  literature in low- and middle-income countries.
2964. Early challenge with LPAI-H9N2 followed by vNDV-VII.1.1 in vaccinated and  unvaccinated broilers: a comprehensive study.
2965. Cost-effectiveness of multitarget stool DNA testing for colorectal cancer  screening in Chinese primary healthcare settings: a modelling study.
2966. From options to decisions: an innovative model for treatment sequencing in  relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis.
2967. Loneliness Among Black/African American Men With Type 2 Diabetes: Associations  of Demographics, Symptomatology, and Social Networks.
2968. Twf1 regulates adipocyte proliferation and differentiation through Yap nucleus  accumulation.
2969. Estimating the Sodium Content: A Case Series of Benign and Malignant Renal  Tumours Using (23)Na-MRI at 3 T.
2970. Haemophilia A in a Female German Shepherd With Homozygosity for the FVIII  p.C567Y Variant in Exon 11 of the F8 Gene.
2971. Association between smoking and prognosis in idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis: A  systematic review and meta-analysis.
2972. Community-based sentinel surveillance for Mpox-like disease among men who have  sex with men and transgender individuals in India: a cross-sectional study.
2973. Interpol review of forensic image and video analysis, 2022-2025.
2974. Move Fast and Strengthen Justice: A framework for responsible technology  adoption.
2975. Whole-genome sequence data of a multidrug-resistant Klebsiella pneumoniae strain  KP-S-66 isolated from cattle shed soil.
2976. Surface sediments prokaryotic communities: five years of 16S rRNA amplicon  sequencing data from the northernmost part of the Mediterranean Sea.
2977. Complete mitochondrial genome sequence data of Pterygoplichthys gibbiceps  (Actinopterygii, Loricariidae).
2978. Concurrent Mirizzi syndrome and choledocholithiasis: imaging features and  surgical correlation.
2979. Giant calvarial solitary fibrous tumor with intracranial and extracranial  extension in an elderly patient: imaging and surgical considerations.
2980. Immune-mediated acute thrombocytopenia within 30 minutes of first obinutuzumab  infusion.
2981. Impact of BMI on Two-year Outcomes Following Meniscal Repairs and Meniscectomies  in Pediatric and Adolescent Patients: A Nationwide Cohort Analysis.
2982. Use of an artificial intelligence-driven software device to assist endovascular  repair of a ruptured abdominal aortic aneurysm.
2983. Semaglutide and major adverse cardiovascular events in patients with and without  DM: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
2984. Preparation and pharmacological study of Cnidium monnieri volatile oil cream.
2985. Assessing the burden of diabetes mellitus in dengue patients: A systematic  review and meta-analysis.
2986. Coats-like exudative vasculopathy in a patient with Bardet-Biedl syndrome.
2987. Stevens-Johnson syndrome induced by fluoroquinolones in a patient with colon  cancer: A case report and literature review.
2988. Small intracellular vesicle-liposome fusogenic nanoplatform sIVs-LPs@Hes:  Nebulized delivery targeting pulmonary inflammatory microenvironment to improve  ALI.
2989. Multi-payload antibody-drug conjugates for photothermal dynamic and chemotherapy  of HER2-positive breast cancer.
2990. Association of proprioceptive deficits with curve progression and treatment  outcomes in subjects with adolescent idiopathic scoliosis: A prospective cohort  study with 1 year of follow-up.
2991. Development and evaluation of a large language model-based, retrieval-augmented  generation application for query response in early oncology clinical trials.
2992. Mental health disorders and suicide risk among autistic children, adolescents  and adults: a population-based study using linked administrative data.
2993. Lactate, mean platelet volume, and nSOFA as combined predictors of perforated  necrotizing enterocolitis and mortality in preterm infants: a retrospective  cohort study.
2994. Prophylactic Olanzapine Versus Placebo in Comatose Survivors of Out-of-Hospital  Cardiac Arrest: Protocol for a Multicenter Randomized Comparison Within the  Danish Out-of-Hospital Cardiac Arrest (DANOHCA) Trial.
2995. Modulated electro-hyperthermia enhances tumor cell susceptibility to γδ T  cell-mediated cytotoxicity and tumor infiltration in NOD/SCID xenograft models.
2996. Domain-Specific Cognitive Vulnerabilities in ADHD: The Impact of Comorbid  Specific Learning Disorder on WISC-IV Profiles.
2997. Application of Mobile 3D C-Arm Technology for Diagnostic Imaging of Cleft Palate  in an Adult Rhesus Macaque (Macaca mulatta).
2998. Astrocytes viewed through the lens of their proteomes and subproteomes.
2999. Dandelion exosome-like nanovesicles alleviate sepsis-induced acute kidney injury  via SLC7A11-regulated ferroptosis.
3000. An exploration of burn survivors' lived experiences and relevance of Trauma  Informed Care principles in burn care: A meta-synthesis.
3001. Unveiling the volatilome of PGI Castellano cheese: Impact of ripening time and  wild lactic-acid bacteria cultures on the volatile composition.
3002. Risk factors for hypercalcemia induced by active vitamin D derivatives during  supplementation for post-total thyroidectomy hypoparathyroidism.
3003. Coupling nutrient limitation and light availability: Key pathways regulating  phytoplankton primary productivity in urban lakes with different trophic  statuses.
3004. Arsenic induces chicken liver injury by inhibiting endoplasmic  reticulum-lysosomal calcium ion transport and lysosomal autophagy activity via  the IP(3)R/TRPML1 pathway.
3005. Environmental DNA analysis reveals diverse impacts of organic factors on  community stability in aquatic ecosystems.
3006. Warm-season non-refractory PM(2.5) composition in urban Tianjin and Beijing: Two  megacities of the North China Plain.
3007. Concentration and depth-resolved analysis of transition metals in atmospheric  particles: A combined approach using X-ray fluorescence and synchrotron  radiation single-particle imaging.
3008. Bioremediation of cadmium-contaminated soil: Assessing the potential efficacy of  Tetrahymena thermophila.
3009. Long-term variations and formation drivers of PM(2.5) nitrate in a megacity of  Guanzhong Plain, China: Implications for air quality management.
3010. Assessing remedial and post-remedial environmental impacts of a diesel  contaminated site in the Beijing Plain, China.
3011. Accumulation of chlorinated paraffins in seafood from the Pearl River Estuary,  China: Implications for human and marine mammal health.
3012. Recrystallization of nano-ferrihydrite from low to high under environmentally  relevant aging conditions: Insights into regulating the redistribution of  surface-bound Cd(II) and As(V).
3013. Salt-mediated shifts in microbial communities in benzotriazole UV  stabilizer-contaminated sediments: Insights into physicochemical properties,  functional diversity, and structural changes.
3014. Changes in source-specific health risks of PM(2.5)-bound trace elements after  the residential "coal-to-gas" conversion measure in urban Beijing.
3015. Copper-induced the genotoxicity enhancement of cadmium and oxytetracycline  combined pollutants in rice.
3016. The overlooked role of benzalkonium chlorides in enhancing chlorination of  organic contaminants.
3017. Zoning policy performance in China: Network insights from 77 Yellow River  counties in Shandong, China.
3018. Chemical weathering processes in the north-south transition zone of China: A  case study from the Danjiang River Basin.
3019. Port sustainability: Synergistic pathways and perspectives for air pollution  control and carbon mitigation.
3020. Enhanced pollutants removal and contributions analysis of near-natural floating  bed coupling with microbial fuel cell.
3021. High co-occurrence but low heterogeneity of virulence factors and resistance  genes in farmland soil.
3022. Multi-source apportionment and speciation drivers of heavy metals in the  desert-oasis ecotone.
3023. Environmental occurrence, human health risk, and ecological risk of herbicides  in surface water: Rivers in the Taihu Lake Northwest, China.
3024. Screening of typical pollutants in groundwater polluted by nitrogen heterocyclic  pesticides and removal mechanism of iron-doped biochar.
3025. Surgical Management of Pulmonary Mucormycosis.
3026. Spatiotemporal dynamics of renal distal convoluted tubule dilatation and cyst  formation in nephronophthisis type 1 mice.
3027. Predicting intradialytic exercise intolerance in maintenance hemodialysis  patients: an interpretable machine learning approach integrating functional  assessments.
3028. Nephrotoxic medication burden and drug-related problems in patients with chronic  kidney disease using SGLT2 inhibitors.
3029. Multiple regulatory roles of UNC93B1 in innate immunity.
3030. Altered perivascular water diffusivity links childhood trauma and major  depressive disorder: A multimodal integration of cognition, neuroimaging, and  transcriptomics.
3031. iTRAQ-based proteomic identification of cyclophilin as a candidate mediator for  cyclosporin A-mediated immunomodulation in pearl oysters Pinctada fucata  martensii.
3032. Salidroside suppresses hypoxia-induced ocular angiogenesis by modulating the  acetylation of PFKFB3 protein in endothelial cells and regulating glycolytic  activity.
3033. Stability-driven assembly meets Prigoginian informational dissipation. A  mean-field ODE comment of entropy reduction and emergent proto-self.
3034. Clinical and radiological characteristics and recurrent event risk of  cerebrovascular fibromuscular dysplasia in patients with Ischemic stroke or  transient ischemic attack - a population-level study.
3035. Effects of traditional Chinese exercises on sleep quality among post-stroke  survivors: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
3036. Retrospective study on allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation for  the treatment of Hemophagocytic lymphohistiocytosis.
3037. Breast milk exosomes: Implications for Brain function and Oncogenesis.
3038. Accessory carpal bones - Scoping review with meta-analysis: Accessory bones  around the scaphoid.
3039. Comparison of self-collected oral swabs for supragingival microbiome  characterization using 16S rRNA gene amplicon sequencing.
3040. In vitro antimicrobial and cytotoxic evaluation of a PEG/soy lecithin  nanosuspension as acetogenin carrier systems.
3041. ITGA4 drives pathogenesis of flavivirus and inhibition of it protects mice  against Japanese encephalitis virus infection.
3042. Toward next-generation biosurfactants: Engineering rhamnolipid production from  safe chassis design to scalable bioprocessing.
3043. Cortical EEG network analysis reveals stage-specific rich-club reorganization  across the patients with iRBD and PD.
3044. Lamivudine ameliorates neuropathology in 5×FAD mice via coordinated inhibition  of the cGAS-STING pathway with enhancement of mitophagy.
3045. Single-cell and spatial transcriptomic colocalization analysis reveals the roles  of histone deacetylation in lung adenocarcinoma progression and  microenvironment.
3046. Reproducibility of the diagnosis of diabetes by the 1-hour oral glucose  tolerance test is substantial.
3047. Addressing Regulatory Gaps: Comprehensive Residue Survey & Risk Assessment for  the Specialty Crop Ziziphus mauritiana Lam. in Hainan and Guangdong, China.
3048. The skull bone marrow-meninges-brain axis: A new sentinel for neuroinflammation  regulation in ischemic stroke.
3049. Duodenal endoscopic submucosal dissection for a fibrotic recurrent adenoma using  combined undersaline immersion, traction, and hook-drag-cut dissection  techniques.
3050. Endoscopic hybrid treatment for refractory duodenal varices using endoscopic  ultrasound-guided coil deployment and cyanoacrylate injection.
3051. Diabetic foot ulcer prevention in Kuwait.
3052. Biotransformation of Microcystin-LR in marine sediments: Mechanism and global  potential.
3053. Reprogramming hydrogen-bonding networks at the solvent-polymer interface for  mixed polyester waste depolymerization with high selectivity.
3054. Valorization of lithium slag into non-sintered lightweight aggregates: Long-term  immobilization of Be/Tl and environmental safety evaluation.
3055. Sensitive detection of PFOA in environmental water based on Pt/MnO(2) nanozymes  with engineered d-band structure.
3056. When Artificial Intelligence Agrees Too Easily: The Emerging Risk of Artificial  Intelligence Sycophancy in Dentistry.
3057. Polycystic ovary syndrome and breast cancer risk: a systematic review.
3058. Ovarian vascularisation assessment using indocyanine green after laparoscopic  treatment of ovarian cysts - A feasibility study.
3059. A random-forest approach for identifying classifiers for concurrent cannabis and  tobacco use in US youth.
3060. Social vulnerability and prenatal cannabis safety messaging from cannabis  retailers in California.
3061. The effect of acute angiotensin receptor blockade on subjective and biological  markers of stress response.
3062. Progesterone promotes favorable pregnancy outcomes in recurrent spontaneous,  abortion by attenuating NK Cell overactivation and upregulating the  cAMP/PKA/CREB signaling axis.
3063. Oleanolic acid alleviates hepatic fibrosis by inhibiting liver macrophage  recruitment and polarization.
3064. Biochar-enhanced direct interspecies electron transfer in anaerobic digestion: A  review.
3065. CIRBP maintains skeletal muscle mitochondrial energy homeostasis via mt-ATP6 to  ameliorate sarcopenia.
3066. Circadian and sympathetic regulation of intestinal eosinophil abundance in mice.
3067. Causally-informed deep learning towards explainable and generalizable outcome  prediction in critical care.
3068. A comprehensive survey of data-driven technologies for construction solid waste  recycling systems.
3069. Elective neck dissection in clinically early stage (cT1-T2N0) supraglottic  squamous cell carcinomas: a systematic review.
3070. Extraction and purification, structural characteristics, biological activities,  structural-activity relationship, chemical modification, safety evaluation, and  applications of Ophiopogonis japonicus polysaccharides: A review.
3071. Corrigendum to "TMEM41B contributes to atherosclerosis by promoting lipid  synthesis in vascular smooth muscle cells via fatty acid synthase stabilization"  [Metabolism 175 (2026) 156456].
3072. Co-design of a pre-surgical care intervention to support people undergoing  prostatectomy for prostate cancer.
3073. Hypoxia preconditioning enhances the cardioprotective effects of induced  regulatory T cells after myocardial infarction through HIF-1α-mediated  mechanisms.
3074. What every intensivist should know about monitoring respiratory drive and  effort.
3075. Luteolin attenuates vascular-renal dysfunction and fibrosis in hypertensive rats  by targeting oxidative stress, inflammation, and fibrotic pathways.
3076. Niaoduqing particles ameliorated tubulointerstitial fibrosis by suppressing  IκB/NF-κB signalling pathway via inhibiting host- and gut microbiota-mediated  tryptophan co-metabolism.
3077. 8-hydroxyquinoline derivatives as powerful, versatile, and sensitive fluorescent  probes to assay phospholipase D.
3078. Enabling direct access to proprietary GC-MS data through black-box  reconstruction of the Chromatec binary format.
3079. Teaching NeuroImage: Chronic Hepatitis E-Associated Myelitis in an  Immunocompromised Patient.
3080. Intraosseous Schwannoma of the Parietal Bone With Focal Full-Thickness  Destruction.
3081. 'Presence of alarm symptoms at coeliac disease diagnosis is not associated with  poorer long-term treatment outcomes' [Letter].
3082. Performance of Point-of-Care Ultrasound Versus Traditional Physical Examination  for the Bedside Evaluation of Splenomegaly.
3083. Posttraumatic growth and depreciation among Ukrainians: a structural equation  modelling approach.
3084. Multimodal deep learning using pre-transplant CT images predicts cardiovascular  events after liver transplantation.
3085. Economic evaluation of adjuvant chemotherapy for non-metastatic sarcoma using  the real-world data from the French nationwide DEEPSARC study.
3086. The relationship between age of first exposure and posttraumatic symptoms:  results from the global psychotrauma screen.
3087. Ab Osterhaus: My life in virology.
3088. Effects of late-life captivity: preliminary findings following the 7 October  attack.
3089. Beyond the Scale: Patient Perceptions and Experiences of Bariatric Surgery  Support-A Qualitative Analysis of the BELONG II Study.
3090. European Society of Clinical Pharmacy: bridging gaps-clinical pharmacy in the  digital transition of care.
3091. Optimizing childhood vaccination coverage in Lubumbashi: Expert perspectives on  the SCAVA / VACCIN+CONNECT- OS initiative.
3092. A phase 3, randomized study to evaluate the safety, tolerability, and  immunogenicity of V116 in children and adolescents with increased risk of  pneumococcal disease (STRIDE-13).
3093. Effects of Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation on  Electroencephalographic Activity, Lower-Limb Muscle Activation, and Balance in  Patients with Stroke.
3094. Using peripheral blood indicators and T cells subsets to evaluate the efficacy  of immunotherapy for advanced and recurrent cervical cancer.
3095. Continuity in a fragmented healthcare system: - organizational and individual  determinants.
3096. Bovine coronavirus enters PBIECs via membrane fusion and clathrin-,  caveolin-mediated endocytosis, macropinocytosis.
3097. Strong-Ties and Weak-Ties Rationalities: Predicting Public Stigma, Support  Networks, and Health Behaviours During the COVID-19 Pandemic Across Four  Societies.
3098. Efficacy of vunakizumab in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis  across diverse disease features: a post hoc analysis of a phase-III trial.
3099. Neuromodulatory strategies overcome multiple inevitable impairments of cerebral  palsy.
3100. Colony Stimulating Factor-1 Receptor-Related Disorder Treated With Ilunazebart.
3101. A Conversation With ... Malcolm Willett, Cartoonist Who Looks at Us With a Wry  Smile.
3102. Postoperative Inflammatory Complications Do Not Increase the Risk of Subsequent  Primary Skin Cancer.
3103. Association between healthy lifestyle score and metabolic syndrome among  japanese male workers: Cross-sectional and longitudinal analyses.
3104. The MDS-arterial stiffness link: interpreting what remains unmeasured.
3105. Bioinformatic assessment of the potential amyloidogenicity of the human and  evolutionarily more ancient proteomes.
3106. Nanozymes: bridging nanoscale characteristics and catalytic mechanisms for  advanced biomedical applications.
3107. Global epidemiology of atrial fibrillation and atrial flutter: An increasing  worldwide burden.
3108. A Silent Severe Myocarditis Due to Legionella Pneumophila in An Infant.
3109. Vitamin K status and vascular calcification biomarkers as determinants of  carotid plaque in peritoneal dialysis: a prospective study.
3110. Antimicrobial resistance patterns and polymicrobial co-detection characteristics  of vaginal Group B Streptococcus in pregnant women: a retrospective study.
3111. Longitudinal Tumor Mutation Burden Dynamics in Advanced Prostate Cancer Using  Circulating Tumor DNA Profiling.
3112. Transversus abdominis plane block for postoperative pain management and opioid  sparing: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.  Comment on Br J Anaesth 2026;136: 266-82.
3113. Corrigendum to "Neutralizing serum amyloid a protects against sinusoidal  endothelial cell damage and platelet aggregation during acetaminophen-induced  liver injury" [Biochem. Biophys. Res. Commun. 639 (2023) Pages 20-28].
3114. Female orgasm frequency, correlates and measurement in the preconception period.
3115. Behavioral immune system responses following snakebite exposure: Insights from  qualitative interviews.
3116. BAMBI: A Ca(2+) imaging-based brain-computer interface for longitudinal neuronal  tracking in freely behaving mice.
3117. Age-dependent effects of cannabidiol on cortical hyperexcitability in an  experimental model of malformation of cortical development.
3118. Interactions between aging and white matter hyperintensities-defined cerebral  small vessel disease on prefrontal cortex metabolism: a comprehensive  (18)F-FDG-PET/MRI analysis.
3119. Dynamics of an intraguild predation system with optimal foraging and harvesting.
3120. Dead or alive? A novel flow cytometric method to determine microbial viability  in Mycoplasma genitalium and Neisseria gonorrhoeae.
3121. Functional characterization of AgIQCG in red-blood trait maintenance of the  blood clam Anadara granosa.
3122. CXCL10, a conserved bactericidal chemokine, harbors an antibacterial α-helix and  mediates pro-inflammatory and chemotactic activities via p-ERK and p-AKT  signaling in large yellow croaker (Larimichthys crocea).
3123. Cortistatin neurons in the prelimbic cortex regulate seizure susceptibility in  female mice via BDNF-TrkB signaling.
3124. NDUFA4L2 acts as a mitochondrial checkpoint against ferroptosis in hypoxic clear  cell renal cell carcinoma.
3125. Nicotinamide N-methyltransferase as a stress-responsive metabolic-epigenetic  regulator of tubular senescence in chronic kidney disease.
3126. Morroniside alleviates CoCrMo particle-induced osteogenic impairment by  activating Wnt/β-catenin signalling.
3127. Neuroinflammation-centered pathophysiology and therapeutic strategy design in  Alzheimer's disease: Cutting-edge developments.
3128. Integrative single-cell and bulk transcriptomics reveal cuproptosis subtypes,  prognostic models, and COL5A1 as a key gene in glioblastoma.
3129. Lonicerin from Dachaihu decoction ameliorates liver steatosis and fibrosis in  MASH by inhibiting LY6D.
3130. Suppression of STING by Acacetin attenuates renal fibrosis via balancing  mitophagy and protective nucleoid-phagy.
3131. Degradable cellulose nanofiber/MXene composite films with low thermal  conductivity for infrared stealth and photothermal conversion.
3132. Functional properties of corn starch films incorporated with carbon quantum dots  for potential active packaging applications.
3133. Anti-fatigue activity of seabuckthorn seed meal derived high Fischer ratio  peptides: integrated evidence from murine models and network pharmacology.
3134. Dopamine hydrochloride promotes non-amyloid aggregation and secondary structural  rearrangement of hemoglobin: Biophysical and spectroscopic evidence.
3135. Ghrelin predicts food consumption up to three hours prior to eating: A  randomised controlled trial.
3136. Virulence and antimicrobial resistance genes profiling of Salmonella isolated  from dead-in-shell eggs and hatchery environments with emphasis on class 1  integron gene cassette sequencing in XDR strains.
3137. Efficacy of combination of Lacticaseibacillus rhamnosus and Bifidobacterium  bifidum probiotic strains against mixed infections of bovine Rotavirus A and  Cryptosporidium parvum induced diarrhea by modulating host immune response in  mouse model.
3138. Systematic comparison of GTN- and CGRP-induced migraine-like behaviors across  sex and strain in mice.
3139. Integrating source apportionment, health risk assessment, and biomonitoring of  PTEs in household vacuum dust from a mining and industrial hot spot.
3140. Multimedia ecological risk deciphering and sediment source apportionment of  potentially toxic elements in a typical coastal bay: A combined PMF-SOM-GIS  approach.
3141. Vallisneria natans drives pesticide removal from agricultural waters: The role  of bioaccumulation and epiphytic bacteria.
3142. Effects of aged tire wear particles on nitrogen removal in constructed wetlands:  Mechanistic insights into different aging pathways.
3143. All that matters is personal development: A conservation of resources  perspective on the well-being of cross-border migrant Hong Kong and Macao youth  in Mainland China.
3144. Affective forecasting and scope sensitivity of warm glow - Comparisons between  joint and separate evaluations.
3145. Functional expression of calcium homeostasis modulator 2 (CALHM2) regulates the  bioenergetic transition of BV2 microglial cells.
3146. Healthcare resource utilization and persistence in children and adults with  Dravet syndrome receiving fenfluramine: a retrospective analysis using United  States claims data.
3147. Early Electroencephalographic Changes After Ketogenic Diet Initiation Are  Associated With Clinical Response in Pediatric Drug-Resistant Epilepsy.
3148. Integrating experimental biology, computational methods, and artificial  intelligence in anticancer drug discovery: Bridging the translational gap.
3149. Simple colorimetric sensing platform for biothiols based on pyrrole-derived  azo-Cu(II) complexes: Effect of ligand architecture.
3150. Designing antioxidant-rich functional breads: The role of fruit and vegetable  fortification and sourdough fermentation.
3151. On-demand H₂S delivery from NIR-activated dithiocarbamate-functionalized AuAg  microdroplets for cellular anti-inflammation.
3152. A self-supervised learning framework with hierarchical residual cross fusion  network for sleep apnea detection.
3153. Federated Learning in Endodontics: A Framework for Privacy-Preserving  Multicentre Artificial Intelligence.
3154. Identification of chemical components in Thalictrum glandulosissimum using  UPLC-Q-TOF-MS/MS and pharmacokinetic analysis of multiple alkaloids in normal  and ulcerative colitis rats.
3155. Hypersexuality across neurological disorders: A systematic review of  aetiologies, clinical manifestations, assessment methods, and management  strategies.
3156. Primary results from EL1SSAR, a prospective phase IIIb study of first-line  atezolizumab plus nab-paclitaxel therapy for patients with PD-L1-positive  advanced triple-negative breast cancer.
3157. Beyond surgical risk: Multidimensional predictors of postoperative arm morbidity  after breast cancer treatment.
3158. Wearable micromotor-based electrochemical microneedle sensors for monitoring  tumor biomarkers in skin.
3159. Antipsychotic-related remodeling of regional brain activity in schizophrenia.
3160. Strain dependent diffusivities of glucose and lactate in the human  temporomandibular joint disc.
3161. Language outcomes following pediatric cochlear implantation: Associations with  clinical, socioeconomic, and rehabilitation factors.
3162. Microbiologically confirmed tissue expander and breast implant infections:  Evaluating risk factors for recurrence and optimal treatment strategies.
3163. Correspondence on: Outcomes of cosmetic suturing versus tissue adhesive for  pediatric forehead lacerations: A retrospective cohort study adjusting for  injury severity.
3164. Missed opportunities for Hepatitis C Virus screening and care among persons  hospitalized for injection-related infections.
3165. From spectra to chemical maps: SWIR hyperspectral imaging for non-destructive  prediction of cellulose, hemicellulose, and lignin in golden-thread wood.
3166. Biomechanics of pathological pelvic floor: Finite element comparative analysis  of the prolapsed pelvic floor.
3167. Dielectric, AC conductivity and, gamma and neutron radiation shielding studies  on transition metal oxides doped phosphotellurite glasses.
3168. Immunotherapy in Pediatric Constitutional Mismatch Repair Deficiency  (CMMRD)-Associated Colorectal Cancer: Report of a Rare Variant and  Recommendations for Screening.
3169. Three-Dimensional Craniofacial Characteristics in Transfusion-Dependent and  Non-Transfusion-Dependent Thalassemia Patients.
3170. Resveratrol Attenuates Sepsis-Induced Lung Injury by Suppressing NLRP3-Mediated  Pyroptosis.
3171. CD69 blockade restores the bone marrow niche and delays leukemogenesis in a  mouse model of Nras (G12D)-driven chronic myelomonocytic leukemia.
3172. Mental illness and epilepsy are not attributable to out-of-hospital  resuscitation after cardiac arrest unless other causes have been ruled out.
3173. The effect of oxygen administration on systemic oxidative stress in patients  presenting in the emergency department: a prospective cohort study.
3174. Low-value care in prehospital emergency medicine: the unspoken challenge.
3175. Associations of sphingosine-1-phosphate with thyroid function and structure: a  cross-sectional population-based study.
3176. Association between preoperative prognostic nutritional index and postoperative  delirium in older adults with hip fractures: a real-world study.
3177. [Update on the pharmacotherapy of chronic heart failure with reduced ejection  fraction: from four to six pillars?].
3178. The prevalence of functional iron deficiency and its impact on mortality in  patients receiving hemodialysis.
3179. Association between CHRNA5 polymorphisms and Parkinson's disease in Northern  Chinese Han population: a case-control study.
3180. Predictors of optimal disease control in atopic dermatitis with abrocitinib: a  real-world study.
3181. Behind the Mask: Setting Expectations.
3182. Spatio-temporal analysis of human brucellosis in North Khorasan, Iran  (2015-2023): A cross-sectional study.
3183. A One Health investigation of a Crimean-Congo Hemorrhagic fever outbreak reveals  high seropositivity in livestock in Lyantonde District, Uganda, 2024.
3184. Comparing embedded virtual reality combat to traditional warm-ups on fencing  performance and fatigue: Protocol for a randomized crossover trial.
3185. Sensitivity of circulating tumor DNA in advanced mycosis fungoides: A  retrospective case series.
3186. Anxiety and depression in patients with single versus multiple keloids: A  cross-sectional study.
3187. Incorporating Lower Urinary Tract Symptoms to Predict the Risk of Positive  Prostate Magnetic Resonance Imaging.
3188. Schizochytrium sp. as a sustainable docosahexaenoic acid source improves growth  performance, fatty acid profile, and hepato-intestinal health in juvenile  darkbarbel catfish (Pelteobagrus vachelli).
3189. Gender affects the association between sleep hygiene and metabolic syndrome in  older adults: a community-based longitudinal study.
3190. Agrimoniin ameliorates intrapulmonary angiogenesis and improves hypoxemia in  hepatopulmonary syndrome via PGC-1α activation and glycolysis down-regulation.
3191. Identifying Endocrinology Nurse Practitioners and Physician Associates Using  Claims Data.
3192. Monitoring glioblastoma dynamics during chemoradiation on the 1.5 T magnetic  resonance imaging-linear accelerator.
3193. Mildly Elevated Preoperative Inflammatory Markers and Postoperative  Complications Following Total Knee Arthroplasty: A Propensity-Matched Cohort  Analysis.
3194. A Toddler With Persistent Crying and a Coin Overlying the Upper Mediastinum.
3195. Alignment of United States Emergency Medicine Programs' Pregnancy, Parental  Leave, and Lactation Policies With Recent Consensus Recommendations.
3196. Nationwide Epidemiological and Demographic Evolution of Legg-Calvé-Perthes  Disease: A 10-Year Analysis.
3197. Trends in the Use of Antibiotics for Open Forearm Fractures in Pediatric  Patients From 2015 to 2023.
3198. Peri-procedural recognition of a calcified cerebral embolus following mechanical  thrombectomy: A case report.
3199. Gallstone ileus due to a visible cholecystoduodenal fistula with pneumobilia CT  diagnosis and surgical management: A case report.
3200. Spontaneous septic arthritis of the pubic symphysis mimicking acute abdomen:  Diagnostic value of MRI.
3201. An AI-integrated organoid platform enables high-throughput functional evaluation  of bioactive metal ions.
3202. Two-dose measles vaccination in a post-elimination era: lessons from Japan's  2026 school outbreak.
3203. Neuroprotective effects of glucotropaeolin as the major glucosinolate of cress  seed on cuprizone-induced mouse model of multiple sclerosis.
3204. Questionnaire responses dataset on scientific literacy as a global  citizenship-related competence among preservice teachers in Vietnam.
3205. Survey Dataset Supporting Blue Circular Economy Strategies for Bivalve Shell  Waste Valorisation.
3206. Geospatial dataset of oil wells and socio-environmental vulnerability indicators  in coastal urban territories.
3207. ShilpoBangla: A dataset of Bangladeshi cultural product images with alternative  texts in Bangla and English.
3208. Use of corneal allogenic intrastromal ring segments (CAIRS) in high astigmatism,  a case report.
3209. Conjunctival stromal tumor in an 18-month-old girl: A case report.
3210. Rewilding reshapes gut microbiomes and parasite exposure in European bison: a  17‑month release from Wilder Blean.
3211. Are required pre-treatment dental evaluations in the osteoporosis population a  barrier to antiresorptive therapies?
3212. Genomic landscape and tumor immune microenvironment of osteosarcoma: Bridging  mechanistic insights to precision therapeutics.
3213. Toward a European standard for elimination DNA databases: Policy recommendations  for harmonized minimum requirements.
3214. Biomimetic cellular sponges for neutralizing inflammatory cytokines in  osteoarthritic joints.
3215. Identification of a cell subpopulation with different response to lipid  nanoparticles and effect of protein corona on uptake and transfection.
3216. Bacterial phospholipid selective quaternary phosphonium polymers with potent  antibacterial activity.
3217. Rhythm-Stratified Performance of an Artificial Intelligence-Electrocardiographic  Aortic Stenosis Score: Alignment with Computed Tomography Calcium in Atrial  Fibrillation.
3218. Distilling Knowledge in Gastroenterology: An Artificial Intelligence System for  Assisting Colonoscopy and Pathology Report Review.
3219. Long survival of PD-L1-positive mediastinal sarcomatoid carcinoma after  immunotherapy and anti-angiogenic target therapy: A case report.
3220. Diffuse peritoneal mesothelioma presenting with the appearance of mesenteric  panniculitis: A case report.
3221. CT-based 3D bone shape modes are associated with clinically meaningful  functional improvement after total knee arthroplasty.
3222. CLPTM1L modulates membrane lipid rafts to promote tumor EGFR signaling.
3223. Refractory ultra-high-risk Choriocarcinoma achieving complete response to  intensive multi-agent and intrathecal chemotherapy and anti-PD-L1 therapy.
3224. Response to progestin-based therapy in endometrial intraepithelial neoplasia: An  exploratory biomarker study.
3225. Thermodynamic metabolic modeling of growth and bioproduction potential of the  acetogen Acetobacterium woodii with and without redox cofactor swaps.
3226. Management of superior vena cava syndrome in a patient with a persistent  left-sided superior vena cava.
3227. Design of INFORMUS, a pragmatic, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled  study of cardiovascular outcomes with the extended-release, fixed-dose  combination of naltrexone and bupropion.
3228. Memory mechanisms for behavioural change in Bayesian individual-level spatial  epidemic models.
3229. Modeling two-strain competition with reinfection: Mathematical analyses and  epidemiological implications.
3230. Using epigenetic aging data to drive health behavior change.
3231. Real-world challenges of 4-month rifapentine-moxifloxacin TB regimen: High  hyperbilirubinemia in Thailand.
3232. Synthesis and adsorptive performance of a novel in situ-formed  κ-carrageenan-based porous hydrogel composite for methyl violet dye removal:  mechanistic, isotherm, and kinetic studies using RSM-BBD.
3233. Dissection of MAPK and NF-κB p65 signaling dynamics underlying LPS tolerance in  macrophages at the single-cell level.
3234. PAF1c depletion confers chemoresistance to topoisomerase inhibitors.
3235. Traffic Light Commentary-Src in the Upside Down: A Kinase Turned Inside Out.
3236. Methodological Considerations in the Development of the AECOPD "Infection  Score".
3237. The effect of varied versus constant high-probability instructional sequences on  cooperation.
3238. Adhesion molecules and T cell imbalance in severe eosinophilic asthma: Insights  from anti-IL-5R treatment.
3239. The PROMISE study: protocol for a community-based cohort study and co-creation  of a reproductive health intervention in Somaliland.
3240. Naphthalene-4H-Chromene Molecular Hybrids as Dual Cholinesterase Inhibitors for  the Treatment of Alzheimer's Disease.
3241. Identification of Sulfonamide-Based Thiazolidine-2,4-Dione Derivatives as  VEGFR-2 and Tumor-Associated hCA IX Inhibitors With Hypoxia-Targeted  Anti-Colorectal Cancer Activity.
3242. The current landscape and future directions of Lyme disease vaccines.
3243. BASK response to media reports on arthroscopic knee surgery research letter.
3244. Task-Evoked Functional Activation and Coupling With CSF Flow Detected in the  Human Brain With Ultrashort Echo Time fMRI at 7 T.
3245. Silicon Deficiency and the Endemic Sponge Lubomirskia baikalensis (Pallas,  1773): What Happens With Its Skeleton in Changing Environment?
3246. Is the Cognitive Ability of Fawn-Footed Mosaic-Tailed Rat Melomys cervinipes  Offspring Related to Mothers' Care or Cognitive Abilities?
3247. The miR-302 family suppresses tumor growth in tongue squamous cell carcinoma by  directly targeting P65.
3248. Values and Trust: Multilevel Analyses of the Relationship of Basic Values With  General and Institutional Trust in Europe.
3249. Association between maternal cardiovascular health assessed by modified Life's  Essential 8 and risks of adverse pregnancy outcomes.
3250. Structural MRI and mild behavioral impairment as complementary predictors of  conversion from amnestic MCI to Alzheimer's disease.
3251. The elusive folding mechanism of KH1 domain of Fragile X messenger  ribonucleoprotein 1.
3252. Beyond strain-specific immunity: Conserved antigenic targets, emerging  platforms, and translational challenges in universal influenza and  pan-coronavirus vaccine development.
3253. Exposure to municipal solid waste incinerators and cancer risk in surrounding  populations: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
3254. Cell-specific MicroRNA networks orchestrate the pathogenesis of Alzheimer's  disease.
3255. One-pot synthesis of regenerable dual-responsive carboxymethyl chitosan-based  aerogel and its efficient adsorption toward tetracycline hydrochloride.
3256. Green synthesis of lignin/DHHB sunscreen nanoparticles with enhanced stability  and reduced skin permeability.
3257. Comparison of thickening properties of polysaccharides from four gelatinous  edible fungi.
3258. Differentiating suicidal thoughts, plans, and attempts in U.S. military  veterans.
3259. Risk factors and help-seeking behavior for postpartum depression following  Edinburgh postnatal depression scale screening: A retrospective study of 586  patients.
3260. Human monoclonal antibodies from donors vaccinated with recombinant vaccinia  vaccine targeting A35 and B6 effectively inhibit orthopoxvirus spread and  infection.
3261. Histone lactylation at H4K12 promotes macrophage-fibroblast crosstalk in  neodymium oxide-induced pulmonary fibrosis via the PIK3R2/PI3K/Akt/mTOR axis.
3262. Multidrug-resistant and virulence hall marks of Pseudomonas aeruginosa isolated  from ureteral stent: Phenotypic and genotypic insights.
3263. Association between sarcopenia and daily living dependency among middle-aged and  older adults: findings from three prospective cohort studies.
3264. Strain-induced pulmonary interstitial emphysema: Exploring trauma-associated  injury mechanisms.
3265. Delirium in critically ill patients treated with levetiracetam or brivaracetam:  a comparative study.
3266. Discovery of novel ibuprofen-1,3,4-thiadiazole derivatives attenuating  ulcerative colitis by regulating MAPK-mediated inflammation and restoring  intestinal immune homeostasis.
3267. Spectral Composition of Ambient White Light Modulates Photophobia and Headache  Intensity During Migraine Attacks.
3268. Corrigendum to "Network pharmacology-based prediction and validation of the  active ingredients and potential mechanisms of the Huangxiong formula for  treating ischemic stroke" [J. Ethnopharmacol. 312 (2023) 116507].
3269. Descriptive oxidative and lipid-related fluorescence observations associated  with Esketamine treatment in a high-concentration NMDA-exposed HT-22/C8-D1A  co-culture model.
3270. Co-cultivation assay of fungi and bacteria on solid medium using automated  culture handling - A high-throughput method for natural product discovery.
3271. Circulating acidic α-glucosidase as a potential biomarker for lactate-related  immunometabolism in ischemic stroke.
3272. NR_045396/MicroRNA761/FADD axis regulates necroptosis and survival of retinal  ganglion cells.
3273. Vitamin D attenuates metabolic dysfunction-associated steatotic liver disease  (MASLD) and downregulates hepatic gluconeogenesis in obesity.
3274. Ecosystem-specific interaction effects on CO(2) and CH(4) fluxes during autumn  freeze-thaw cycles in permafrost peatlands of the Great Hinggan Mountains,  Northeast China.
3275. Microbial Food Safety Risk in Finished Soil Amendments: A Statewide  Cross-Sectional Study of Organic Waste Processing Systems in California.
3276. Ten-Year Surveillance of Listeria monocytogenes in Ready-to-Eat Meat Products in  Montenegro: Prevalence, NonCompliance, and Risk Patterns.
3277. Non-linear hair-to-blood mercury partitioning in a chronically exposed Amazonian  population.
3278. Bioactive components of Mongolian medicinal Gentiana dahurica Fisch. flowers  inhibit the NF-κB signaling pathway and ameliorate chronic obstructive pulmonary  disease.
3279. A unified clearance-based model of homeostatic drive across acute and chronic  sleep loss.
3280. DeepEN: A deep reinforcement learning framework for personalized enteral  nutrition in critical care.
3281. Moyamoya disease and angiogenesis: a quantitative analysis of key angiogenic  markers.
3282. Habitat suitability and environmental correlates of Haemaphysalis longicornis in  the central mountainous region of Shandong, China.
3283. Robust tauopathy and memory deficits in a mouse model constitutively  overexpressing human P301L MAPT.
3284. Gold detection from printed circuit boards for eco-friendly e-waste recycling.
3285. Effects of temperature on biofiltration of ammonia-containing waste gas: Removal  efficiency, nitrous oxide generation, and microbial communities.
3286. Network-based assessment of plasticity predicts vulnerability to depressive  symptomatology in healthy individuals.
3287. Distinct EEG cue-reactivity profiles associated with virtual-reality treatment  responses in methamphetamine use disorder.
3288. Is it safe to just try? A longitudinal study of adolescent patterns of drinking  and smoking via latent transition analyses.
3289. Letter to the Editor: Beyond prevalence estimates in psychiatric trauma research  in chronic crisis settings.
3290. NHAPL enables homogeneous detection of RNA-associated glycan signals.
3291. Toward safe and efficient autonomous platooning: A coalitional game-theoretic  framework.
3292. Evaluation of in vitro and in vivo antifungal activities of a deuterated  tetrazole-based CYP51 inhibitor.
3293. Exploring continuous nursing needs among outpatients undergoing central venous  access device maintenance in the smart healthcare context: A qualitative study.
3294. Chrysin reprograms microglial metabolism and function via targeting SYK to  alleviate the symptoms of Alzheimer's disease.
3295. Paeoniflorin regulates macrophage polarization and protects the intestinal  barrier through SOCS1/JAK1/STAT1 pathway in ulcerative colitis.
3296. Ligustilide activates cGAS-STING to chemoprevent tobacco carcinogen-induced lung  tumorigenesis.
3297. Gemcitabine enhanced the sensitivity of colorectal cancer to anti-PD-L1 therapy  by promoting lactylation.
3298. Comment on "Spatial colocalization of imaging markers in iatrogenic cerebral  amyloid angiopathy with the site of surgery: A metaanalysis".
3299. Species‑specific age effects and radial translocation of mercury in tree rings:  Contrasting strategies of spruce and fir.
3300. Revealing antibacterial mechanisms of a magnetic flocculation system: The  multi-target disruption effect.
3301. Culture-enriched sequencing reveals river confluence sediments as high-risk  reservoirs of viable multidrug-resistant pathogens.
3302. Wave-driven core-shell structured cathode SMESs for remediation of phenanthrene  and pyrene-contaminated offshore sediments.
3303. Impact of foreign language anxiety and expectancy for success on English  outcomes: Mediating role of self-regulated learning among university freshmen.
3304. Dual transcriptomic analysis of Toxoplasma gondii infection in a human PBMC ex  vivo model.
3305. Comprehensive evaluation of secondary causes of hypertension: Integrated  screening for obstructive sleep apnea and primary aldosteronism.
3306. Hepatoprotective effects of the branched-chain fatty acids 12-methylmyristic and  13-methylmyristic against palmitate-induced lipotoxicity.
3307. Electrochemical detection of vancomycin using aptamer - screen - printed carbon  surfaces.
3308. Learning how to experience the world: From circuits to cell types to genes.
3309. A contribution to the improvement of Listeria monocytogenes enumeration at low  level of contamination, in the frame of the international standardization.
3310. Synovial metaplasia in capsules of macrotextured and smooth breast implants: A  comparative study.
3311. A novel method of gamma ray emission estimation to assess fuel burnup in reactor  systems with continuous fuel circulation.
3312. Cesarean section and maternal atopy increase the risk of allergic rhinitis in  offspring: a case-control study.
3313. Comparative study of the post-helical crus approach for excision of classic  preauricular sinuses.
3314. Trust and self-efficacy in reporting child sexual abuse to law enforcement:  Evidence from Germany.
3315. Changes in liver resections and associated outcomes over thirty years: a  nationwide analysis using a machine learning approach.
3316. Contamination analysis of the residual gas composition in transmission electron  microscopy.
3317. Evaluation of the clinical applicability of artificial intelligence in  determining systemic therapy indications and treatment selection in psoriasis.
3318. ECAS-Based Neuropsychological Phenotyping in Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis: A  Retrospective Study Comparing Different Algorithms.
3319. S-Ketamine Reduces Risk of Postoperative Delirium: Comment.
3320. A Quarter Century of EHD Protein Research: From Endosomal Recycling to  Ciliopathies.
3321. Functional divergence and stage-specific symbiosis of endophytic Tulasnella  fungi in the endangered orchid Paphiopedilum malipoense.
3322. Characterization of a novel α-thalassemia deletion (Dongxing deletion; --(DX))  by CNV-seq in a Chinese female with Hb H disease: a case report.
3323. Built and socioeconomic environment: associations with cancer-risk health  behaviors among healthy emerging adults.
3324. TLR7 in systemic lupus erythematosus: genetics and emerging therapies.
3325. A new antibiotic scaffold hits a new target.
3326. Corrigendum to "A phase II clinical trial of paclitaxel-carboplatin as  neoadjuvant therapy followed by surgery in patients with locally advanced head  and neck squamous cell carcinoma" [Oral Oncol. 170 (2025) 107745].
3327. Continuous versus bolus norepinephrine administration to treat hypotension after  induction of general anaesthesia in low-to-moderate risk noncardiac surgery  patients: monitoring and event-rate considerations. Comment on Br J Anaesth  2026; 136: 1137-44.
3328. The dominant role of geriatrics vulnerabilities and comorbidities in  readmissions after colorectal surgery: Shifting from "nonmodifiable" to  "actionable" risk.
3329. Oral connexin43-peptide-loaded milk extracellular vesicles mitigate lethal  radiation injury while preserving tumour radiosensitivity.
3330. The neuro-immune-epithelial axis in dry eye: From pathogenic crosstalk to  neuromodulatory therapies.
3331. Programming regulated cell death to engineer whole-tumor-cell vaccines for  cancer immunotherapy.
3332. Comparative evaluation of open-access Bayesian calculators for vancomycin area  under the concentration-time curve estimation in non-critically ill hospitalized  adults in Taiwan.
3333. Why we age - Integrating error, program, and selective pressure.
3334. Ionochromic optical sensor of amino-functionalized alginate brush grating.
3335. Targeting HIV-1 integrase: A review of options, challenges and future  directions.
3336. Platinum nanoparticles-loaded cherry radish polysaccharides with high  oxidase-like activity for rapid colorimetric analysis of ascorbic acid.
3337. The TLR9/NF-κB and cGAS/STING pathways mediate​ the assembly of the NLRP3  inflammasome induced by Singapore grouper iridovirus DNA.
3338. The inducible nitric oxide synthase (iNOS) of Eriocheir sinensis exerts  antibacterial effects through apoptosis.
3339. Oligodendrocyte integrin-β1 regulates blood-brain barrier and remyelination in  hemorrhagic brain.
3340. Duration-dependent effects of sucrose intake on fear extinction via distinct  mechanisms in the amygdala and hippocampus.
3341. Multi-herb formulations modulating gut microbiota: A systematic review and  data-driven analysis.
3342. Exploring the pharmaceutical potential of Pistacia lentiscus L. acqueus extracts  as a therapeutic agent against osteoarthritis manifestations: an in vitro study.
3343. Unveiling the medicinal potential of Eremogone (Caryophyllaceae) in China: A  comprehensive review of its traditional uses, phytochemistry, pharmacology and  toxicity.
3344. Influence of counterion transfer on the physicochemical properties of fixed dose  combinations containing bedaquiline and clofazimine.
3345. Minimal interaction conditions for the emergence of biological-like  organization.
3346. Post-peak dynamics and epidemic overshoot in SIR-type frameworks.
3347. Molecular crosstalk between MAPK signaling and neuroprotective pathways in  Parkinson's disease: from pathogenesis to therapeutic potential.
3348. BDNF-modulated plastic changes to dendritic spines in the hippocampus and  prefrontal cortex underlie the NMDA-induced pre-convulsive stereotyped behavior  in rats.
3349. Developmental patterns of the C. elegans neural circuits using community  detection.
3350. Highly sensitive and species-specific molecular detection of microbial  pathogens.
3351. Molecular and biochemical correlates of urinary composition in kidney stone  pathogenesis.
3352. Extruded biodegradable Zn-5Cu alloys with integrated osteoimmunomodulatory,  antibacterial, and anti-osteolytic properties for patellar fracture suture  repair.
3353. miR-10a-5p Attenuates spinal cord ischemia/reperfusion injury by targeting  transforming growth factor beta-activated kinase 1 to suppress Acyl-CoA  synthetase long-chain family member 4-mediated ferroptosis in male rats.
3354. Exosome-mediated transfer of NOD2 from platelets to monocytes: a novel  therapeutic target for atherosclerosis.
3355. Mechanisms and therapeutic implications of galectins regulating Epstein-Barr  virus infection.
3356. Toxicological impacts of neonicotinoid insecticides in zebrafish: A review of  individual and mixture toxicity.
3357. NAE inhibitor MLN4924 effectively suppresses Coxsackievirus B3 replication.
3358. PCSK9 promotes aging-related cardiac calcification by inducing osteogenic  differentiation of cardiac fibroblasts.
3359. Dynamic regulation of circulating endotrophin by changes in fat mass in humans.
3360. Proteomic analysis reveals early pathological defects in corticospinal motor  neurons of a spastin model of hereditary spastic paraplegia, which are improved  by NU-9 treatment.
3361. Probe-based confocal laser endomicroscopy for real-time diagnosis of multifocal  gastric mucosa-associated lymphoid tissue lymphoma.
3362. Correction to Lancet Diabetes Endocrinol 2026; published online June 7.  https://doi.org/10.1016/S2213-8587(26)00125-7.
3363. Applying the consensus-based salivary glands ultrasound scoring system in  lacrimal glands: results of a static image-based OMERACT reliability exercise.
3364. Interprofessional collaboration in trauma care in South Asia: A scoping review  of barriers, interventions, and implications for patient and system outcomes.
3365. The interplay between microcirculatory dysfunction and coagulopathy in patients  with sepsis: An exploratory single-center observational study.
3366. Genomic epidemiology of two travel-associated pediatric measles viruses within  the B3 Lineage.
3367. Evaluation of a quasi-automatic treatment planning workflow for head-and-neck  cancer in radiotherapy.
3368. Zoledronic acid ameliorates multiple organ pathologies in a murine model of  mucolipidosis II by partially restoring mannose-6-phosphate-mediated lysosomal  hydrolase activities.
3369. High prevalence of GAA c.[752C > T;761C > T] haplotype complicates high-risk  screening for Pompe disease in the Chinese population.
3370. Oral ceramide attenuates ultraviolet Binduced epidermal dysregulation and  hyperpigmentation by modulating MITF signaling and barrier-related pathways.
3371. The effectiveness of an AI-based therapeutic program on health habits among  students with learning disabilities.
3372. Psychological adaptation to scaffolded generative AI use in higher education:  SEM and thematic evidence from a private university's new media marketing  course.
3373. When political change seems impossible: Collective nostalgia, utopian thinking,  and the desire to emigrate as escapist strategies.
3374. Rejection sensitivity and conformity in emerging adults: The moderating role of  impulsivity.
3375. Effects of light-shielding treatment on the quality and flavor of 'Ziyan' tea  wine during storage: Insights from color, taste, and aroma.
3376. Semi-rational design of a hyperstable β-glucosidase Bgl1269 for enhanced soy  Isoflavone bioconversion.
3377. Automated computed tomography (CT) perfusion in the assessment of the ischaemic  core in wake-up strokes: is it reliable?
3378. Bombyx mori p53 requires multiple domains for transcription-dependent apoptosis  induction.
3379. Mitochondrial translocation of p210 BCR-ABL rewires downstream signaling by  selectively suppressing ERK activation.
3380. Development of new liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry methods for  the quantification of seven metabolites in three related breast cancer cell  lines.
3381. Curcumin alleviates cold stress-induced myocardial injury by regulating  macrophage polarization through the STUB1/STAT1-STAT6-KLF4 signaling axis.
3382. Astilbin ameliorates hyperuricemia-associated renal injury in geese with  gut-linked kynurenic acid immunometabolic remodeling.
3383. Keratinocyte-derived exosomes serve as an active messenger platform for  LINC01605 to amplify TGF-β1-induced fibroblasts activation.
3384. Upregulation of CDO1 by theaflavin-3,3'-gallate induces apoptosis and inhibits  cell proliferation in TNBC.
3385. A prospective study of the impact of variability in insomnia symptoms on work  productivity.
3386. Advanced spent media analytics and multivariate data analysis for AAV production  media optimization.
3387. Dezocine-mediated reversal of sufentanil-induced respiratory depression and its  mitigation of adverse reactions: A clinical investigation.
3388. From single markers to the geometry of the cardinal movements in occiput  posterior position.
3389. Epidemiology, comorbidity patterns and outcomes of maternal sepsis-related coded  discharges in Ireland 2020-2025.
3390. On methodological fit and interpretive boundaries in qualitative synthesis  within the recent article: How do female healthcare staff experience the  menopause transition in the workplace? A critical meta-synthesis.
3391. Minocycline as a therapeutic candidate in diabetic retinopathy: insights into  pathophysiology and translational potential.
3392. Third molar agenesis: An updated systematic review and meta-analysis.
3393. Study on the acoustic radiation of an area-excited flat plate structure  transducer.
3394. Relating perivascular imaging measures to longitudinal lesion evolution and  chronic inflammation in multiple sclerosis.
3395. Active air stripping and direct point exhaust of trichloramine (NCl(3)) from  indoor pools.
3396. Synergistic enhancement of wine aroma and color through co-fermentation with  selected indigenous β-glucosidase-producing Hanseniaspora occidentalis.
3397. Unraveling the anti-listerial activity of noni fruit essential oil: Omics-based  mechanistic insights and application in salmon preservation.
3398. From urinalysis to photoacoustic imaging: A versatile probe for malondialdehyde  in atherosclerosis.
3399. Allosteric PTP1B inhibition as a source of multi-mechanistic anti-tumor  activity.
3400. Discovery of new thiazolyl hydrazone derivatives as anti-breast cancer agents:  Synthesis, biological evaluation and in silico studies.
3401. Generation and evaluation of an EcoHIV mouse model to study HIV-1 integration  and expression.
3402. Mechanistic insights into flavonoid-mediated regulation of human influenza virus  replication.
3403. Mitigating bioaerosol exposure risks in high-traffic clinics: Experimental and  numerical optimization of air purifier interventions.
3404. Synergistic dual ring-cleavage pathways enable efficient degradation of  chlorobenzenes by Pseudomonas putida BS-1 in groundwater.
3405. Responses of bacterial communities along 50 years chronosequence succession in  soils of a V-Ti mine tailing dam with vegetation reclamation by Heteropogon  contortus.
3406. Cadmium immobilization and phosphorus supply using wastewater-derived ferric  phosphate.
3407. Contrasting nickel mobilization pathways driven by manganese redox cycling and  dissolved organic matter complexation in algal- and macrophyte-dominated lake  sediments.
3408. Direct utilization of unpurified natural pyrite for sustainable peroxydisulfate  activation: Harnessing surface organic impurities as chemical "ignition  switches".
3409. Development and external validation of an interpretable machine learning model  for early prediction of stroke-associated pneumonia: a multicenter study.
3410. Teaching NeuroImages: Clinical Utility of 7T MRI in the Management of a Basilar  Artery Perforator Aneurysm.
3411. Teaching Video NeuroImage: Resolution of Manifest Latent Nystagmus After  Cataract Surgery.
3412. The RNA exosome co-factor CTEXT exists as an independent multiprotein complex in  Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
3413. Barriers and Facilitators to Treatment Plan Adoption and Self-Management in  People with Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD): A Systematic Search  and Narrative Synthesis.
3414. Diffuse Lymphoid Nodular Hyperplasia of the Small Bowel in Selective IgA  Deficiency.
3415. Computational Determination of Effective Working Length in Experimental Torsion  Testing of Long Bones.
3416. Synchronous Acute Lymphoblastic Leukemia and Wilms Tumor: Report of a Case and  Review of Previous Cases.
3417. Feeding under support in critical care illness: metabolic and nutritional  management during extracorporeal membrane oxygenation and continuous renal  replacement therapy.
3418. Targeted activation of PPARG or AKT1 alleviates liver injury in mice with type 2  diabetes and sepsis by modulating inflammatory and metabolic pathways.
3419. Constipation with bloating: a clinical approach to evaluation and management.
3420. YBX1 as a developmental regulator of ventricular morphogenesis and a potential  target in cardiac pathology.
3421. Approach to Diagnosis of Nontuberculous Mycobacteria from Skin and Soft Tissue  Infection in Resource-limited Settings using Convenient Culture Techniques.
3422. A β‑1,3‑1,6‑glucan from Aureobasidium pullulans enhances apoptotic and  autophagic pathways in colorectal cancer cells.
3423. Molecular mechanism of hydromorphone preconditioning in cerebral  ischemia/reperfusion‑induced inflammatory injury.
3424. Moderate downregulation of NDUFA13 promotes cardiomyocytes proliferation and  heart regeneration through the glycolysis/c‑Myc/Ccnd1 axis.
3425. Bioanalysis of Ametryn by UHPLC-MS(3) Coupled With Multiple Fragmentation to  Decrease Interference and Enhance Sensitivity.
3426. Research progress of ferroptosis in gynecological diseases.
3427. Opsonization and timing as key determinants of MBTA immunotherapy efficacy in  pancreatic adenocarcinoma and recurrence treatment.
3428. Current Landscape of Neonatal/Infant HIV Research: Preclinical and Translational  Perspectives.
3429. Pay first, treat later: upfront payment requirements as a non-clinical barrier  to timely emergency care in fragile and resource-constrained health systems.
3430. From blueprint to build: Metal ions in peripheral nerve development and  engineering regeneration.
3431. IgM Hyposialylation Modulates Podocyte Vulnerability in Patients With Idiopathic  Nephrotic Syndrome.
3432. Comparative analysis of whole-slide scanner tissue detection algorithms:  Implications for scan area, scan time, and file size in high-volume digital  pathology workflows.
3433. Obstetrics and gynecology care as an opportunity for penicillin allergy testing:  Results from a novel survey.
3434. Factor XI inhibition with gruticibart prevents mechanical valve thrombosis in a  porcine pulmonary model.
3435. Nivolumab-Associated Cardiac Manifestation of Cutaneous T-Cell Lymphoma in a  Patient With Concurrent Renal Cell Carcinoma.
3436. Clinical evidence on integrated Chinese-Western medicine for perimenopausal  syndrome.
3437. The first Turks and Caicos Islands global school health survey: Brief findings,  challenges, lessons learned, and next steps.
3438. Efficacy and safety of SENS-501, a dual-AAV otoferlin gene therapy, for DFNB9  congenital deafness.
3439. Deep-sequencing-guided library screening and profiling of AAV capsids in the  primate retina.
3440. No Difference Between Blood Preserving Strategies During Posterior Spinal Fusion  for Adolescent Idiopathic Scoliosis.
3441. Copper-coated carbon nanotube surfaces for inhibiting biofilm formation by  Staphylococcus aureus and Pseudomonas aeruginosa.
3442. Cropland mask dataset for the Canadian Prairies derived from Google satellite  embedding imagery.
3443. Spanish phishing and legitimate email dataset with technical and psychological  annotations.
3444. An integrated case-based leptospirosis surveillance dataset with environmental  context from a tropical coastal city in Indonesia, 2018-2023.
3445. Dataset of illicit drug consumption during and post COVID-19 through wastewater  in a city of Chile.
3446. A public dataset of treadmill walking kinematics and kinetics at steady speeds  in healthy individuals.
3447. A multimodal dataset for environmental occupancy detection.
3448. Salidroside-loaded stem cell-derived artificial nanovesicles in hydrogel  microneedles alleviate inflammation and enhance diabetic wound regeneration.
3449. Associations between organizational cynicism, workplace alienation, and nurses'  work effectiveness: A cross-sectional questionnaire survey.
3450. Modeling poultry growth and requirement for energy and essential amino acids.
3451. Prognostic value of the Neer and Mayo-Fundacion Jimenez Diaz classifications in  reverse shoulder arthroplasty for proximal humerus fractures.
3452. Prevalence of substance use during pregnancy in New Jersey: Investigating the  effects of the COVID-19 public health emergency.
3453. Social isolation during adolescence alters novel object recognition memory,  brain and gut gene expression, and microbiota composition in a sex-specific  manner.
3454. Letter: Psychosis Following Hormonal Therapy in NAA15-Related Neurodevelopmental  Disorder.
3455. Tool for Converting ADHD Rating Scales Scores Based on Individual Participant  Data from 53 Randomized Controlled Trials of ADHD Medications.
3456. Vicarious stress-induced emotional contagion drives sex-dependent behavioral and  neurochemical alterations in mice.
3457. VEGF-C maturation mediated by CircFOCAD-orchestrated CCBE1 and ADAM10 expression  in nuclear-cytoplasmic synergy drives lymphatic metastasis.
3458. Corrigendum to "Non-invasive testing to diagnose the underlying auditory  pathology of hearing impairment" [Hearing Research Volume 466 (2025) Article  number 109391].
3459. Successful Aging Among Older U.S. Military Veterans: National Trends,  Correlates, and Clinical Implications.
3460. AeroCoil: Pneumatically Controlled Dual-Tunable RF Coil for Proton ((1)H) and  Deuterium ((2)H).
3461. Relations between heart rate and precursors: A replication and extension of  prior research.
3462. Australian GP experiences and perspectives of mental health care for  adolescents: a qualitative study.
3463. Abluminal plasma induces vasoconstriction mediated by serotonin and  counterbalanced by endothelial nitric oxide synthase in healthy and malarial  mouse arteries.
3464. Evolution of dispersal in a spatially heterogeneous population with finite patch  sizes and catastrophes.
3465. Phenotypic plasticity and competition shape therapy sequencing in  HER2(+)/HER2(-) breast cancer: A mathematical framework.
3466. Anakinra prevents high glucose-mediated potentiation of IL-1β-induced NLRP3  inflammasome activation, small extracellular vesicle release and vascular  inflammation.
3467. Bovine rotavirus exploits host arginine metabolism to facilitate replication: A  novel antiviral strategy targeting the arginase-iNOS axis.
3468. Comparative methodological study of ultracentrifugation and a commercial kit for  the isolation and characterization of outer membrane vesicles from Burkholderia  thailandensis.
3469. Cardiometabolic biomarker domains and functional ageing: Cross-cohort evidence  for incident mobility limitation.
3470. The CFIm25/FDPs axis orchestrates protective mitophagy in macrophages to  attenuate myocardial infarction.
3471. A detailed investigation of Shared Variance Component Analysis as a tool to  characterize neural dimensionality.
3472. Auditory cueing in spatial neglect: Effects on visual search depend on auditory  spatial performance.
3473. Determinants of exposures to preconception plasma perfluoroalkyl substances and  periconceptional urinary phthalate and pesticide metabolites in a Singaporean  longitudinal preconception cohort.
3474. Trends in microchemical detection methods for illegal adulterants and heavy  metals in sports nutrition supplements.
3475. Morphometric analysis of the cervical pedicle and transverse foramen with  vertebral artery: A donor-based, dry bone and radiologic study.
3476. Barrier and functional enhancement of PLA films incorporating curcumin and  modified cellulose nanocrystals.
3477. Folding pathways and force-induced unfolding of neurodegeneration associated  GGGGCC microsatellite repeat RNA revealed by molecular simulations.
3478. Effect of pH on the formation mechanism of riboflavin mediated photocrosslinking  hydrogel of soybean protein nanofibrils.
3479. Hyaluronan exerts unique microbiome and metabolic effects compared with pectin:  a multi-omics study of dietary polysaccharides.
3480. Lipocalin-2-mediated oligodendrocyte pyroptosis contributes to post-stroke  secondary white matter injury.
3481. Mathematical modeling and spatial evolutionary analysis of tuberculosis  transmission across diverse demographic settings in West Java, Indonesia.
3482. Potential survival benefit of adjunctive catheter-based embolectomy in high-risk  pulmonary embolism patients on veno-arterial extracorporeal membrane  oxygenation: A multicenter retrospective study.
3483. The impact of FBN1 variant types on pregnancy-related aortic dissection in women  with Marfan syndrome.
3484. From prognosis to prevention: Red blood cell distribution width across the heart  failure continuum.
3485. Nao-xin-tong capsule attenuates cerebral ischemia/reperfusion injury by  modulating the p53/GDF15/NOX4 regulatory network and alleviating mitochondrial  dysfunction and ferroptosis-related injury.
3486. Arterial input function dispersal generated by brain computed tomography  perfusion is associated with cerebral small vessel disease in stroke patients.
3487. The missing chapter of physiology: the importance of teaching the physiology of  dying.
3488. The Effect of Sex and Gender-Role on Social Attention: Investigating the  Association With Social Skills and Academic Preferences.
3489. Ultrasound-assisted extraction of Ehretia macrophylla wall. Fruit phenolic  acids: Process optimization, characterization, and lung protective activities.
3490. Integrated screening and identification of potent lactate dehydrogenase  inhibitors from Abrus cantoniensis and Abrus mollis via affinity ultrafiltration  and molecular simulations.
3491. A NIR dual-functional chemosensor for monitoring the redox level and  micro-viscosity during cuproptosis process.
3492. Exploring the competitive inhibition mechanism of α-glucosidase by metformin.
3493. "I'm never doing this again": Patients' lived experiences of discontinuing  homologous reproduction and considering third-party reproduction.
3494. Phthalate burdens of North Atlantic and South Pacific Humpback Whales (Megaptera  novaeangliae), and their species-specific mitochondrial effect.
3495. Towards reliable electrical measurements of superconducting devices inside a  transmission electron microscope.
3496. In vitro and in silico studies provide evidence of competitive binding  displacement of Agaricus bisporus laccase mediated by lignin-derived monomers.
3497. Innate immune dysregulation in multiple myeloma: molecular basis and mechanistic  interventions.
3498. rSiglec-10(V set) armed oncolytic adenovirus improves the effects of virotherapy  through enhancing oncolysis and antitumor immunity.
3499. Real-world outcomes of plasmablastic lymphoma: Treatment approaches and survival  outcomes in the PLASMABLAT-001 cohort.
3500. CRS and ICANS as class-level adverse event for CD20 ×CD3 bispecific T-cell  engagers: A Bayesian analysis of a nationwide database.
3501. Wavefront estimation in curved-fiber CFRP: A curved Fastest-Path Distribution  method for smoothly varying anisotropic material.
3502. Higher social vulnerability is associated with lower rates of peripheral nerve  decompression surgery.
3503. Overexpression effects of 4.1B protein on epilepsy and excitatory synaptic  transmission in mice.
3504. Testosterone replacement therapy increases the risk of nonunion after surgical  fixation of lower extremity fractures.
3505. Factors influencing implant failure in cephalomedullary nails for proximal  femoral fractures: A retrospective review.
3506. Maternal egg yolk supplementation alters offspring liver choline status and is  associated with functional network activation and monoamine metabolism in a  sow-piglet model.
3507. Echographic assessment of visceral perfusion under intra-aortic balloon pump  support.
3508. Failure of the first transition to pressure support ventilation and weaning from  mechanical ventilation: A prospective observational study.
3509. Zygote electroporation of base editor ribonucleoproteins enables efficient  single-target editing but reveals limitations of multiplex base editing in  sheep.
3510. Sperm cryopreservation of Sebastes schlegelii and application in large scale  seed breeding production.
3511. Application of Flash GC and linear and non-linear chemometric techniques as a  rapid screening tool to discriminate monovarietal Grappa distillates.
3512. Infrared radiation-assisted drying stabilizes rice flavor by modulating volatile  composition and lipid metabolism.
3513. A dual-channel colorimetric/fluorescent sensor array for discriminating  aminoglycoside antibiotics in food via MOF-based inhibition.
3514. (1)H NMR-based machine learning methods for rapid authentication and composition  profiling of crude palm oil.
3515. Motivation to join and supportive activity within online health communities  among patients with persistent pain: A survey-based examination.
3516. Binding evaluation of poacic acid for fungal cell-wall glycans and  β-1,3-glucooligosaccharides.
3517. Progressive Orexin Deficiency and Age-Dependent Glial and Axonal Biomarkers in  juvenile neuronal ceroid lipofuscinosis type 3 (CLN3) Disease.
3518. A permeability assay adapted for the assessment of very poorly permeable  compounds in the bRo5 space.
3519. Enhancing safety in freeway on-ramp merging: Takeover warning through dynamic  trust and risk perception modelling considering driving style.
3520. External vacuum expansion in autologous fat transfer as total breast  reconstruction: Is it worth it? The interim analysis of the multicentre  randomised controlled EVE trial.
3521. Decades-long distribution of per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances (PFASs) in  global surface waters: Spatiotemporal variability and future trends.
3522. Electron bridges and electron sinks: Molecular regulation of PVC aging by  aromatic plastic additives in an nZVI-driven electron-donor system.
3523. Occupational health risks and abatement trade-offs of VOCs in key industries of  the Yangtze River Delta: Insights for a shift from concentration-based  compliance to reactivity- and toxicity-driven management.
3524. Insights into the regulation of electron exchange capacity on abiotic and biotic  arsenic transformation in aquifers.
3525. A V(2)CTx-MXene@f-MWCNTs nanocomposite-reinforced 3D porous graphene-based  flexible patch integrated with microfluidic channels for real-time glucose and  ketone monitoring in sweat.
3526. Mapping Indonesian Public Discourse on Oral Health: A Content Analysis of Social  Media Using Latent Dirichlet Allocation Topic Modelling.
3527. Spatial Discrepancies in CBCT-Based Localization of Impacted Mandibular Third  Molars.
3528. Rare disease monitoring plans: a case study within a clinical decision support  system.
3529. Sources of imprecision in integrated value comparisons.
3530. Hypoxia-induced inflammation and protective autophagy in dental pulpitis.
3531. Mechanisms of resistance to androgen deprivation therapy in prostate cancer.
3532. Milestones in Motion: Endometrial Cancer.
3533. Displaced Workers and Poor Health Outcomes: A Continuing Challenge for US  Population Health.
3534. Effective and Enduring Place-Based Interventions Against Firearm Violence and  Serious Crime Require Mechanism-Based Analytical Thinking.
3535. Paternity Leave Status and Mental Health Symptoms Among Ohio Fathers: A  Population-Representative Survey, 2022‒2023.
3536. Hierarchical Experimental Characterization of the Human Rib Cage for Nonlethal  Projectile Impact Applications.
3537. Screening for sarcopenia risk using SARC-F and its relationship with laboratory  parameters in primary care.
3538. Effect of Two Insulin Injection Administration Techniques (45 and 90 degrees) on  Glycemic Status and Local Complications in Children with Type 1 Diabetes: A  Randomized Controlled Trial.
3539. ANXA3 activates HIF-1α/VEGF Signaling Via the PI3K/AKT/mTOR Pathway to Promote  Osteosarcoma Stem Cell-Like Phenotype.
3540. Hyperoxia and iron homeostasis in developing human airway smooth muscle.
3541. Antibiotic Potency and Resistance: A Critical Review of Analytical and  Microbiological Methodologies.
3542. Galleria mellonella proteomic response to infection with Streptococcus pyogenes.
3543. From oxygen to impact: Thank you, Einar Stefánsson.
3544. Development and Validation of Sensitive RP-HPLC Bioanalytical Method of  Diclofenac Sodium and Its Predictive In-Silico Physiologically Based  Pharmacokinetic Modeling in Hepatic and Renal Impairment.
3545. Metabolic Stability and Metabolic Profile of Schisandrol B in Rat and Human  Liver Microsomes Employing HPLC-MS/MS Analysis.
3546. Unveiling the cognitive fog in lung cancer patients: non-invasive exploration of  blood-brain barrier disruption and brain structural changes.
3547. Contact experiences among donor conception parties: donor conceived persons,  donors, parents and same-donor siblings - a mixed methods systematic review.
3548. Endothelial Nucleoporin93 (Nup93) Maintains Vascular Homeostasis via  Sun1-Dependent Regulation of RhoA/ROCK Activity.
3549. Brushing Your Teeth May Save Your Aorta: Fusobacterium nucleatum-Derived  Isoleucine Drives Aneurysm Progression Through Epigenetic Reprogramming of  Vascular Smooth Muscle Cells.
3550. Australasian Society of Clinical Immunology and Allergy consensus statement on  IEI molecular diagnosis.
3551. Remodeling the marrow fat niche: BMAT in cancer bone metastases and  hematological malignancies.
3552. Angioedema Presenting as Infant-Onset Primary Lymphedema.
3553. Advances in liver transplantation for hepatic malignancies.
3554. High-throughput signal detection of hepatotoxic drug-drug interactions in  hospitalized elderly patients: an NLP-driven pharmacovigilance study.
3555. Collective enforcement of S-RNase-based self-incompatibility.
3556. Heading into the wild: setting the course to natural neuroscience.
3557. Next-Generation Myopia Control Spectacles Hint at Defocus Opponency Circuits in  the Retina.
3558. Review Article: Implementation Challenges in Helicobacter pylori Management:  Bridging Evidence and Real-World Practice.
3559. A feedback mechanism between E3 ligase RNF122 and HIF-1α inhibits aggressive  behavior in breast cancer.
3560. Enhancing glioma immunotherapy by disrupting RBP-J-mediated NNMT signaling in  tumor microenvironment.
3561. Retraction notice to "Interleukin-6 in SARS-CoV-2 induced disease: Interactions  and therapeutic applications" [Biomedicine & Pharmacotherapy 145 (2022) 112419].
3562. Neurophysiological correlates of delayed recovery of consciousness in a  critically ill patient with COVID-19 with repeated cardiac arrest.
3563. Corrigendum to "Lead exposure and poisoning among artisanal kohl manufacturers  in Fez, Morocco" [Environ. Toxicol. Pharmacol. 125 (2026) 105053].
3564. The reply.
3565. Regulatory role of Fc receptor in mIgM(+) B lymphocyte phagocytosis in common  carp (Cyprinus carpio).
3566. Patient profiles and outcomes of chronic total occlusion percutaneous  revascularisation in middle- and high-income regions a cross-sectional study  from the European Registry of Chronic Total Occlusions (ERCTO).
3567. Mosquito-borne viruses in São Paulo, Brazil: Diversity, Distribution, and Public  Health Challenges.
3568. Viral reservoir dynamics in bats and interactions with vectors: Global and  Türkiye perspectives.
3569. Sustainable valorization of rice straw lignin into functional derivatives for  efficient remediation of organic pollutants and heavy metal ions from  wastewater.
3570. Effects of probiotic fermentation on Gracilaria bailinae polysaccharides:  Characterization and immunomodulatory potency.
3571. Fundamental study on the germination, revival of urease activity, and  bio-deposition behaviors of Bacillus sphaericus spores for microbial  self-healing concrete.
3572. Genome-guided pooled infection and whole-genome sequencing identify clinical  Mycobacterium avium complex isolates that persist in a murine infection model.
3573. Surface-enhanced Raman spectroscopy and machine learning based profiling of  β-lactam antibiotic-induced biochemical responses in methicillin-resistant and  methicillin-susceptible Staphylococcus aureus strains.
3574. Dentine hypersensitivity in the Australian adult population: prevalence,  determinants, impacts, and management.
3575. Three-year clinical outcomes of additively manufactured hybrid composite  implant-supported restorations fabricated through tilting stereolithography: a  retrospective clinical study.
3576. In vitro evaluation of antibacterial activity and biocompatibility of  silver-doped fluorapatite glass-ceramic/zirconia gradient composites.
3577. Effectiveness of selective, non-selective, and stepwise caries removal  techniques in permanent teeth: An umbrella review of systematic reviews and  meta-analyses.
3578. Comparing the Effect of Scaling and Polishing on Nine Oral Health and Dental  Aesthetic Measures between Current and Never Smokers from the SMILE Study  Cohort.
3579. Dietary Bacillus velezensis S141 enhances immunity and resistance to Aeromonas  veronii in Nile tilapia: insights from early transcriptomic and functional  analyses.
3580. Hypertonic saline protects the axo-myelinic interface acutely after contusive  SCI and improves postural stability and balance as revealed by motion sequencing  (MoSeq).
3581. Proteomics reveal PTEN as a critical mediator of sustained mitochondrial  dysfunction during chronic spinal cord injury.
3582. From molecular mechanisms to clinical implications of clock genes in ischemic  stroke: A scoping review.
3583. Selective behavioral, computational, and neural efficiency in executive function  among open-skill athletes.
3584. G22037, a novel oxadiazole-pyrazole derivative, attenuates liver fibrosis by  targeting annexin A5 and inhibition of ER stress-dependent hepatic stellate cell  activation.
3585. Neuroprotective effects of Chaihu-Longgu-Muli Decoction in an  insomnia-depression comorbidity model via Galectin-3-dependent JAK2/STAT3  inhibition.
3586. Pharmacological characterization and functional divergence of tyramine receptors  PxTAR2 and PxTAR1A in the diamondback moth, Plutella xylostella.
3587. BDAA, a yellow fever virus NS4B inhibitor, is effective during therapeutic  treatment in a hamster model of yellow fever.
3588. Venetoclax and hypomethylating agents synergize to increase cell death and  metabolic remodeling in acute B-lymphoblastic leukemia cells.
3589. Short-term effects of PM(10) sources and oxidative potential on child lung  function.
3590. Skeletal remodeling is responsible for the foramen in the skull for the hyoid  artery in zebrafish.
3591. PPARα activation with fenofibrate confers hippocampal neuroprotection but lacks  disease-modifying efficacy in chronic temporal lobe epilepsy.
3592. Psychological-behavioral risk profiles of adolescents and their associations  with suicidal behaviors.
3593. Analytical characteristics of the NeuMoDx™ SARS-CoV-2 assay and clinical  agreement with the BD MAX system.
3594. Patient-operated remote ultrasonography for completing biophysical profiles for  antenatal surveillance in high-risk pregnancies.
3595. 1-year outcomes of semaglutide, tirzepatide, and sleeve gastrectomy in obesity  in type 2 diabetes: a retrospective cohort study.
3596. Association of expedited discharge with outcomes following isolated coronary  artery bypass grafting.
3597. Influence of sample preparation methods on the spatial overlap between analytes  and metasurfaces in metasurface-enhanced terahertz spectroscopy.
3598. Europium(III)-functionalized covalent organic frameworks as fluorescent switches  toward ultrasensitive detection of oxytetracycline.
3599. Exogenous calcium modulates oxalic acid metabolism via repression of LcAAE3 and  mediates calcium accumulation in litchi pericarp and fruit pedicel.
3600. Structural damage assessment in the spine of patients with axial  spondyloarthritis - results from an international OMERACT multi-reader exercise  using MRI-based synthetic CT.
3601. Challenges and limitations in the pathological application of the ISSVA 2025  classification of vascular anomalies: A 5-year retrospective study.
3602. Technological solutions for multiple sclerosis: a scoping review.
3603. Physicochemical and structural characterization of self-assembled nanoparticles  from whey protein isolate-dextran Maillard conjugates and binding mechanism with  capsaicin.
3604. Application of instance-based transfer learning for quantitative detection of  honey adulteration.
3605. An automated integrated real-time monitoring platform facilitates efficient  strain screening.
3606. D-chiro-inositol modulates brain insulin-related signaling and reduces amyloid  burden, neuroinflammation and cognitive decline in preclinical models of  Alzheimer's disease.
3607. A six-proline stabilized trimeric spike DNA vaccine induces robust immunity and  protects against SARS-CoV-2 delta challenge in K18-hACE2 transgenic mice.
3608. Tailoring PRGF fibrin membranes: A simple approach to enhance structural and  functional properties for wound healing.
3609. Synbiotics and antioxidants synergistically attenuate disease progression in  metabolic dysfunction-associated steatotic liver disease.
3610. Sphingosine-1-phosphate: Mechanisms and therapeutic potential in wound repair.
3611. Vericiguat, a soluble guanylate cyclase stimulator, regulates heart  failure-enhanced atrial and pulmonary vein arrhythmogenesis.
3612. School climate and language teacher immunity: A parallel mediation analysis with  emotion regulation strategies.
3613. Independent and interactive associations of general expectation and optimistic  prediction with hopelessness.
3614. Designing a new pentagonal bipyramidal bridged dinuclear cadmium(II) complex as  a bio-active compound: Synthesis, X-ray crystal structures, spectroscopic, DFT,  and molecular docking studies.
3615. Metabolic impact of exercise timing: Myonectin dynamics in overweight and obese  postmenopausal women following high-intensity interval training.
3616. Menopause in rare diseases: Shared research concerns and the case for a  dedicated subfield.
3617. Beyond molecular weight: A novel chain-rigidity-driven polymerization and  precipitation for efficient removal of dissolved organic pollutants.
3618. High-sensitivity and portable detection of oral pathogens based on CRISPR/Cas13a  combined with exonuclease-assisted cycling amplification and lateral flow assay.
3619. Europium-labeled polystyrene tracing reveals earthworm-mediated inhibition of  root uptake and reduced phytotoxicity in lettuce.
3620. Microplastics and co-occurring nitrogen synergistically accelerate blue carbon  loss.
3621. Dampness and mould over 20 years and new onset of respiratory symptoms, asthma  and rhinitis.
3622. Electron transfer rate of pyrogenic carbon in aquatic environments:  Establishment of analytical methods, structural drivers, and roles in pollutant  degradation.
3623. Robot-assisted versus conventional mastectomy and immediate breast  reconstruction: A systematic review and comparative and single-arm  meta-analysis.
3624. Translation and cross-cultural adaptation of the LYMPH-Q upper extremity module  into French for patients with breast cancer-related lymphedema.
3625. Cytotoxic and apoptotic effects of Fe, Cu, and Ag nanoparticles synthesized with  sage (Salvia officinalis) extract on rainbow trout gonad cell line.
3626. 6PPD quinone induces cytokine production in fish cells via oxidative stress.
3627. A novel descriptor of molecular graphs and its implications in QSPR studies of  antiviral drugs.
3628. Comment on: Hyperlipidemia-induced lipotoxicity and immune activation in rats  are prevented by curcumin and rutin.
3629. Design, synthesis, and biological evaluation of clovamide analogues as  anti-colitis agents modulating NF-κB/STAT3/iNOS signaling.
3630. Design, synthesis and biological evaluation of boronic acid-containing  quinoxaline derivatives as potential boron carriers for boron neutron capture  therapy.
3631. Predictive microbiology and transcriptomic analysis of heat-resistant and  spoilage-associated traits in Microbacterium species isolated from dairy  products.
3632. BP-1-102 inhibits multiple pathways of NFATc1 activation to alleviate  osteoporosis and downregulate osteoclast differentiation in ovariectomized mice.
3633. Early postoperative intraperitoneal chemotherapy for pseudomyxoma peritoneii: A  state of the art review.
3634. Substrate selectivity as a paradigm shift in mTORC1 signaling.
3635. Comprehensive RGBD-based shoulder kinematics using markerless anatomical  landmarks detection and a 3D-printed acromial cluster during hand-cycling.
3636. Response to letter to the editor, re: Solving gaps in clinical reasoning is the  cure to neurophobia in artificial intelligence.
3637. Self-Efficacy, Psychological State, Oral Health Behaviour, and Oral  Health-Related Quality of Life in Chinese Patients With Periodontal Disease.
3638. κ-Carrageenan-Based Hydrogels Support Viability and Odontogenic Differentiation  of Stem Cells From the Apical Papilla.
3639. Global, Regional, and National Burden of Caries Among Women of Childbearing Age  From 1990 to 2021 and Prediction.
3640. What every intensivist should know about the gray zone of ICU admission.
3641. The RAINBOW study: a phase 2 trial evaluating the 3-month pharmacokinetic and  pharmacodynamic data and 18-month clinical and safety outcomes of nizubaglustat  in GM2 gangliosidoses or Niemann-Pick type C disease.
3642. A TPMS-integrated paediatric proximal femoral osteotomy implant demonstrates  structural feasibility and improved load sharing: An in silico proof-of-concept  study.
3643. Multifaceted assessment of the content of potentially toxic elements and  microplastics in the sargassum habitats of Caribbean beaches, Mexico.
3644. Toward biomimetic direct restorations: A nanofiber-based interfacial strategy to  approximate dentin-enamel junction behavior.
3645. mmu_circ_0012122/mmu-miR-1843-5p/Sertad2 axis: A novel regulatory pathway in  rabies virus infection.
3646. Integrative transcriptomic analysis uncovers the microRNA-centric regulation of  Japanese encephalitis virus infection in porcine trophoblast cells.
3647. The IL-17A/Neutrophil axis plays a critical role in lethal infection induced by  an emerging ultra-virulent Streptococcus suis serotype 5 strain.
3648. ULK1's role in cancer progression and its emerging therapeutic potential.
3649. Effects of carnosine supplementation on physical endurance: a placebo-controlled  randomized clinical trial.
3650. Heterozygosity for pathogenic variants in familial chylomicronemia syndrome  genes: from carrier state to complex trait.
3651. Access to Maternity Care and Low Birth Weight among Women in Rural and Urban  U.S. Counties with Higher Rates of Underweight Births.
3652. AI, humanity, and the open world of health care: enduring imperatives for the  next century.
3653. Post Diphtheritic Paralysis in an Unimmunised Child: Correspondence.
3654. m(1)A Modification: An Emerging Epitranscriptomic Regulator of Stem Cell Fate.
3655. Vital sign-based Early Warning Scores in low- and middle-income countries: a  systematic review of clinical effectiveness and implementation challenges.
3656. Stable Isotope Composition of Skin Layers Confirms Trophic Differentiation of  Baird's and Sato's Beaked Whales (Berardius spp.) in the Western North Pacific.
3657. When errors become etched in stone: The U.S. Navy's deeply flawed, never  retracted World War II asbestos epidemiology study.
3658. Structural violence and public health in Yemen: Social and psychological  consequences of protracted conflict.
3659. Identification of risk factors and development of a predictive model for foetal  growth restriction: a retrospective case-control study.
3660. Premature atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease in the MENA region: economic  impact, barriers to care, and policy recommendations for an escalating crisis.
3661. Long-acting injectable cabotegravir/rilpivirine in a pregnant woman living with  HIV with hyperemesis gravidarum:a case report and review of literature.
3662. Dataset to support the modelling of Vietnam's transport sector: population,  economy, transport activity, energy intensity, load capacity, and carbon  emission.
3663. A labelled dataset of healthy and diseased common bean (Phaseolus vulgaris) from  Tanzania.
3664. Taste dimensions, sensory evaluation and profiling of cricket-flour nachos  dataset.
3665. Person-centered shared decision-making and data-informed district nursing care  to enhance independence: Protocol for a feasibility study.
3666. Nurses' usage of validated tools to assess for delirium in general acute care  settings: A scoping review.
3667. Pink lotus flower (Nelumbo nucifera) oil extract alleviates imiquimod-induced  psoriasis-like dermatitis.
3668. The incidence and outcomes of hospital acquired- bloodstream infection and  ventilator associated pneumonia and the impact of infectious diseases referral  using data from the clinically-oriented antimicrobial resistance surveillance  network for healthcare-associated infections (ACORN-HAI): An interim report.
3669. Nerve Injuries Following Pediatric Supracondylar Humerus Fractures-A Systematic  Review and Meta-Analysis.
3670. CPT Codes for Pediatric Orthopaedics.
3671. Operative Management and Time to Procedure for Transferred versus Direct-arrival  Supracondylar Humerus Fractures at a Non-trauma-designated Children's Hospital.
3672. The Sphericity Deviation Score: Is It a Useful and Reproducible Parameter to  Assess the Femoral Head Sphericity in Perthes Disease?
3673. Pediatric Supracondylar Humerus Fracture Pinning: Are We Leaving Unnecessary  Waste and Cost on the Table?
3674. Milking frequency and the effect of fill time on the production and conformation  in Nordestino ecotype donkeys.
3675. The miR-212-3p/transferrin axis promotes bone regeneration by modulating iron  homeostasis through Schwann cell Exosome-BMSCs communication.
3676. Primary vs. revision total elbow arthroplasty: an updated analysis of short-term  complications and associated factors.
3677. Exploring the mechanisms of biofield therapy through joint electrophysiological  recordings in humans and mice.
3678. Feasibility of omitting regional nodal irradiation in cT1-2N1 breast cancer with  ypN1 disease after neoadjuvant chemotherapy (KROG 21-06).
3679. Celecoxib adjunct to antidepressants for major depressive disorder: Systematic  review and meta-analysis.
3680. Complete ureteral duplication with occult calculi: A case report.
3681. Comparative transcriptomic and metabolomic profiling of forest tea and terrace  tea in Sandu, Guizhou, China.
3682. The rising burden of non-motor vehicle crashes: An emerging challenge for road  traffic injury prevention in China, 1997-2023.
3683. Development and Piloting of a Web-based Adaptation of Motivational Interviewing  to Promote Oral Health.
3684. Global DNA methylation and MTHFR gene polymorphism status of ghanaians with  early-onset intracerebral hemorrhage: implications for future interventions.
3685. Adolescent Sexting in Romantic Relationships and Daily Positive and Negative  Affect Dynamics: A Dyadic Intensive Longitudinal Study.
3686. Primary apocrine carcinoma of the breast incidentally detected on CT  angiography: Imaging-pathology correlation in a rare histologic subtype.
3687. Facial nerve schwannoma of the tympanic segment with geniculate ganglion  involvement: Diagnostic and therapeutic challenges.
3688. Adult transverse colon intussusception: A case report and literature review.
3689. Rethinking the "D-" and " L-" prefix paradigm for transposition.
3690. Fenestrated endovascular aneurysm repair addressing para-aortic ulcers in the  setting of tuberculous aortitis.
3691. Dimerization-induced conformational transitions of yeast iso-1 cytochrome c.
3692. Personalized protein delivery in critical care: from phenotyping and endotyping  to post-ICU recovery.
3693. Retinal Vascular Caliber: 6 to 12 Months and 15 to 25 Years Following  Hypertensive Pregnancy.
3694. Astrocytic mGluR5 Regulation of Synaptic Transmission is Activity-Dependent in  Adult Rats.
3695. Factors to consider in a primary care setting when using convolutional neural  network tools for melanoma diagnostics: a retrospective analysis of images and  patient characteristics.
3696. Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis Recovery: A New Model System of Care Integrating  Neuromuscular Rehabilitation With Clinical Stabilization in ALS.
3697. Epidemiology, treatment and outcomes of antimicrobial-resistant infections in  hematopoietic stem cell transplant recipients.
3698. High acceptability of SMS results for respiratory viruses and the potential  impact on reducing healthcare burden.
3699. AI-based burn image assessment: Reliability and clinical error patterns of  multimodal large language models in a repeated-inference study.
3700. Multidisciplinary meeting for breast cancer care: EUSOMA recommendations for  optimization.
3701. Differentiation of human-induced pluripotent stem cells into hepatocytes-like  cells in 3D culture using functional polymers.
3702. Phenotypic and transcriptional changes in human brain pericytes induced by  phorbol 12-myristate 13-acetate.
3703. High-value laboratory testing in erectile dysfunction, reduced sexual desire,  and suspected hypogonadism: analytical pitfalls and selective biomarker use.
3704. BMP5 suppresses malignant progression of clear cell renal cell carcinoma by  promoting DNA damage accumulation and sustained DNA damage response signaling.
3705. Extracellular vesicles derived from Lactobacillus rhamnosus GG inhibit lung  cancer cell invasion and metastasis by regulating ADHFE1 expression to modulate  metabolic reprogramming.
3706. Temporal patterns of neurostimulation efficacy in drug-resistant epilepsy: A  systematic review and meta-analysis.
3707. Comprehensive analysis of brain tissue transcriptome and serum miRNA reveals  molecular signatures of cognitive impairment after traumatic brain injury.
3708. Cryptosporidium in chickens during 2000 to 2025: A systematic review and  meta-analysis of prevalence, species/genotypes distribution and zoonotic  significance.
3709. Beyond efficacy: equity and implementation challenges in endoscopic  ultrasound-guided gastroenterostomy.
3710. Social inequalities in the use of implant-supported prostheses among older  adults: A cross-sectional study.
3711. Adverse childhood experiences and household firearm ownership: A large-scale  analysis of specific risk factors among 15,771 adults from four U.S. states.
3712. Worldwide prevalence of diabetic ketoacidosis at diagnosis of type 1 diabetes: A  systematic review and meta-analysis.
3713. Novel lytic phage vB-Vp-ZX1018 potentiates ofloxacin activity against  multidrug-resistant Vibrio parahaemolyticus infections.
3714. Interferon-gamma-inducible protein-10 is associated to increased primary bile  acids and fibrosis in primary sclerosing cholangitis.
3715. Highly efficient discovery of CYP1B1 inhibitors from licorice as novel  anti-fibrotic agents via integrating interdisciplinary methodologies.
3716. PSAT1 regulates the proliferation, migration, and EMT of oxidatively damaged  lens epithelial cells through activation of the JNK/c-Jun pathway.
3717. Size-resolved microelectrical effects of fine aerosol on nocturnal ozone:  Evidence from field observations and statistical modeling.
3718. Can sustainable restoration be effective in reducing internal phosphorus  loading? - A long-term study of a small, hypereutrophic lake.
3719. Impact of waste biomass binders on the pelletizing, combustion, and engineering  feasibility of sludge-coal slime co-pelletized fuel.
3720. DjFNDC3A is associated with DjSmad4 to regulate cranial nerve regeneration in  planarian (Dugesia japonica).
3721. An alkaline-extracted low-molecular-weight heteroglucan from Ganoderma lucidum  enhances immunity by modulating the gut microbiota.
3722. Ultralight and degradable polylactic acid bimodal fibrous sponges by direct  electrospinning for effective acoustic absorption.
3723. Changes in the structure of mitochondrial processing peptidase driven by  adaptation to anaerobiosis.
3724. Alleviating effect of intestinal alkaline phosphatase on Enterotoxigenic  Escherichia coli K99-induced diarrhea.
3725. Multidimensional evaluation of clinical symptoms, pulmonary function, and  imaging in long-term treatment of infants with post-infectious bronchiolitis  obliterans.
3726. Prolonged cholestasis following severe neonatal echovirus 11 (genotype D5, new  lineage 1) infection diagnosed by serum detection.
3727. EVs-MSC alleviate RA progression via USP21-dependent BRD2 stabilization to  regulate autophagy in FLS.
3728. Co-encapsulation of formic acid and Satureja hortensis essential oil enhances  antibacterial and anti-inflammatory activities against Salmonella enterica.
3729. Cardioprotective effects of an ethanol-soluble fraction of Petiveria alliacea L.  in hypertensive rats under isoprenaline-induced stress.
3730. Anti-inflammatory, antioxidant, and protective effects of methanolic extract of  Paederia foetida and keracyanin in carrageenan-induced inflammation in rats:  Integrated in silico, in vitro and in vivo mechanistic evidence targeting MAPK  and NF-κB pathways.
3731. Jiawei Wutou decoction attenuates knee osteoarthritis by modulating  mitochondrial oxidative stress via the JAK2/STAT3 pathway: Insights from network  pharmacology and experimental validation.
3732. Targeted discovery of anti-skin aging peptides from Camelus bactrianus placenta:  Multi-activity screening, network pharmacology, and in vitro validation focusing  on MMP-1 inhibition.
3733. EIF3B promotes oral squamous cell carcinoma progression via the PI3K/AKT pathway  and is negatively regulated by miR-124-3p.
3734. Childhood cancer survivors with premature ovarian insufficiency have low bone  mineral density at long term follow-up.
3735. TGF-β1-regulation of bone formation via the miR-3064-3p/HDAC4/Runx2 axis: In  vitro and in vivo studies.
3736. Endoscopic ultrasound-guided sigmoid enterocolostomy for malignant bowel  obstruction in frozen pelvis.
3737. 3-D pathological analysis of varicose microvascular vessels in sessile serrated  lesions seen on endoscopy.
3738. WHO estimates of the global, regional, and national disease burden of nine  foodborne chemicals, 2000-21: an updated data synthesis.
3739. Examining the Comfort and Knowledge of Nurse-Driven Palliative Care Screenings  on Admission to the Neuro ICU.
3740. Computational modeling identifies protective mechanisms of estrogen and  testosterone against atrial fibrosis.
3741. Hydrating with a higher-fructose sport drink does not worsen acute kidney injury  risk during simulated work-related heat stress.
3742. Cardiovascular LRP1 expression varies by anatomical site, with selective age-  and sex-associated changes in human tissue datasets.
3743. Corrigendum to "Borderline ovarian tumors and low-grade serous carcinoma: A  retrospective analysis from argentine and Uruguayan oncology centers" [Surg.  Oncology 66 (2026) 102441].
3744. Mathematical and machine learning-assisted modelling of Raman spectroscopy for  biomedical applications.
3745. Research on concentration detection method for turbid solutions using  multidimensional spectroscopy with a parabolic sample cell.
3746. Linear and third-order non-linear spectroscopic investigations on novel  dicyanodibenzodioxin dyes.
3747. Appropriate translational designs for determining causal force-based (manual  therapy) treatment mechanisms.
3748. Engineering human synovial organoids as predictive ecosystems for disease  modeling and therapeutic response in rheumatology.
3749. Discovery of 1-(3-phenoxybenzyl)-4-(1-phenyl-1H-1,2,3-triazol-4-yl)piperidine  analogues as potent and selective agonists of the human CC chemokine receptor 8.
3750. Discovery of fluoxakalner, a novel and preferential Kv7.2/7.3 channel opener for  antinociception in mice.
3751. Enhancement of content, purity and anti-myocardial ischemia-reperfusion injury  activity of persimmon leaf flavonoids: Ultrasonic-assisted extraction,  purification and related mechanism.
3752. Ultrasound-assisted deep eutectic solvent extraction of polysaccharides from  Melastoma dodecandrum: RSM optimization, ANN prediction, kinetics, structural  characterization and cellular antioxidant activity.
3753. Activation of PPARγ/FGF21 signaling axis with Puerarin reprograms tumor lipid  metabolism, attenuating malignancy in colon cancer.
3754. Female sex is associated with improved outcomes after surgery for pancreatic  neuroendocrine neoplasms.
3755. Rapid quantification of per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances (PFAS) in complex  wastewater matrices via online SPE-LC-MS/MS method.
3756. Computational framework for guided wave NDT to identify delamination of  arbitrary geometries in 3D layered anisotropic composite structures via machine  learning.
3757. Cross-cultural adaptation and psychometric evaluation of the masculinity in  chronic disease scale in Chinese patients undergoing radical prostatectomy.
3758. Adequacy of cancer-related pain management among hospitalized patients in Oman:  A cross-sectional study from the Middle East.
3759. New measurements of the half-life of (225)Ac at the NPL and IRA.
3760. Ion exchange equilibria of Ni(II) and Co(II) on a layered double  hydroxide-attapulgite composite.
3761. Are non-parental supportive adults associated with indicators of contraceptive  access for youth with child welfare involvement?
3762. Cognitive mechanisms of creative meaning decoding for non-literal language-An  eye-tracking study on Chinese logogriphs.
3763. Discomfort glare influences covert visual attention.
3764. Dynamic reciprocal association of adolescents' math self-efficacy with math  achievement and parental homework support: A cross-lagged panel model analysis.
3765. The impact of microbial transglutaminase modification on fish  gelatin-maltodextrin gels loaded with calcium citrate and vitamin D(3).
3766. Liquid-filled stick microextraction with in situ derivatization: An efficient  tool for the quality control of herbal products targeting α-dicarbonyl  compounds.
3767. Structure-function relationships governing the multimodal antioxidant protection  of quinoa protein hydrolysates.
3768. Inhibition of protein-bound heterocyclic amines by citrus polymethoxyflavones  via stabilizing myofibrillar protein conformation.
3769. Making waves: Multicriteria strategies are key to reimagine the future of sewage  sludge processing in Europe.
3770. Evaluation of a web-based educational tool for patients with cancer to improve  digital communication quality: A pre-post study of the SEND application.
3771. Synergistic coagulation/flocculation and UV254 photo-assisted electrochemical  advanced oxidation process for the efficient treatment of municipal influent  wastewater.
3772. Long-term (2009-2023) assessment of mercury, selenium, and biomarker responses  in stranded cetaceans from the Western Mediterranean.
3773. Diagnostic Value of Quantitative Lung Perfusion Single-photon Emission CT/CT for  Chronic Lung Allograft Dysfunction in Patients After Bilateral Lung  Transplantation.
3774. SMARCA4-Deficient Stage IV Lung Cancer: Immunotherapy Advances Highlight Needs  for Genomic Stratification.
3775. Finite element analysis of polycarbonate-urethane coatings for talus implant  applications.
3776. Early-life manganese overexposure induces dysfunction in energy metabolism  conversion that leads to disrupted hippocampal neurogenesis in mouse offspring  via METTL3-mediated Cdc25b m(6)A modification.
3777. Acid-regulated ensiling as an efficient pretreatment mitigates antibiotic  resistance and enhances methanogenesis from erythromycin fermentation residues.
3778. Natural allelic variation in rice reveals root-centric transcriptome and  haplotype networks underpinning arsenic tolerance for food safety.
3779. Machine-learning-assisted artificial olfactory colorimetric sensor array for  bladder cancer early detection from urinary volatile organic compounds.
3780. Cognitive-affective and behavioral pain mechanisms in individuals with chronic  low back pain: a network analysis.
3781. Preventive and therapeutic efficacy of mRNA/LNP vaccines encoding HPV16 E6 and  E7 in an early-intervention HPV tumor mouse models.
3782. Vicarious trauma and burnout: the role of self-compassion.
3783. A Novel Machine Learning Signature Incorporating Lipid and Inflammatory  Biomarkers to Predict Pulsed Radiofrequency Efficacy in Zoster-Associated Pain.
3784. Airway Mucus Occlusions in Ex-Smokers with and Without COPD.
3785. Melanocortin-1 receptor variants and telomerase reverse transcriptase promoter  mutations as prognostic biomarkers in stage IIB-IIC melanoma.
3786. Post-pandemic impact on the epidemiology of invasive pneumococcal disease:  consensus statement from the Latin American Society of Pediatric Infectious  Diseases (SLIPE).
3787. Risk Factors, Cancer Types and Prognostic Significance of Second Primary Cancer  After Early-, Intermediate- and Late-Onset Colorectal Cancer: A Retrospective  Study in a Chinese High-Volume Cancer Center.
3788. Toward real-time alignment of 3D CT and 2D X-ray with multi-stage CNNs.
3789. Retinal and Choroidal Metrics Are Dynamic Markers of the Maternal Vascular  Response to Pregnancy.
3790. Investigating the efficacy and safety of bronchoscopic removal of aspergilloma  in PTB-CCPA.
3791. Letter: Peripheral Blood Eosinophils as Complementary Biomarkers for Diagnosis  and Follow-Up in Eosinophilic Oesophagitis.
3792. Gut microbial markers of immunotherapy response in melanoma: a cross-cohort  analysis including the first Russian dataset.
3793. Correction: Impact of Country Income Level on Outcomes in Patients with Acute  Brain Injury Requiring Invasive Mechanical Ventilation: A Secondary Analysis of  the ENIO Study.
3794. Priorities to eliminate congenital syphilis in Australia: findings from a  national roundtable.
3795. Psychosocial stress and chronic pain: A threshold model of biological lock-in.
3796. Comments on: "Efficacy and safety of ciprofol compared to propofol during the  induction of general anesthesia in burns patients: A double-blind, randomized  controlled trial".
3797. Methodological considerations in Mendelian randomization mediation analysis of  sleep apnea syndrome, body mass index, and postpartum depression.
3798. CORR Insights®: Can a Targeted Dissemination Strategy of the PREPARE Trial  Results Change Surgical Antiseptic Practice?
3799. Effects of the traditional nine steaming and nine sun-drying on the bioactivity  of traditional Chinese medicine.
3800. Sub-inhibitory concentrations of antibiotics modulate antimicrobial resistance  fate in a biofilm-grazer system.
3801. Standardizing microplastic quantification by scanning electron microscopy:  Structural performance of filter membranes and implications from bottled drink  analysis.
3802. DLGAP5-induced glycolysis reprogramming reinforces macrophage M2 polarization to  impact BC progression.
3803. Investigating the role of urban shade on ground-level ozone pollution in cities.
3804. A species-specific QSAR-based framework for PFAS hazard identification and  ecological risk mapping.
3805. Multi-biomarker assessment of Apis mellifera as a sentinel of environmental  stress: A two-year field study across diverse land-use gradients in Tuscany  (Italy).
3806. Modeling calcium-dependent passive cardiac mechanics in the mouse.
3807. Cellular plasticity and epigenetic instability in cancer: Mechanistic insights  and functional dissection with CRISPR-based epigenome editing.
3808. Rhododendron mariae Hance protects against dengue virus infection by targeting  viral entry and modulating host-pathogen interactions.
3809. Glycation gap size, stability over time and correlates in people with Type 1  diabetes.
3810. Advances in the application of photobiomodulation technology in spinal cord  injury rehabilitation.
3811. Simultaneous parameter and function discovery in differential equations using  physics-informed neural networks.
3812. Effects of Bacillus velezensis SN-1 exopolysaccharide on the rheological  properties of soy protein gel.
3813. A qualitative study on the experiences and perspectives of adults with cystic  fibrosis and healthcare professionals.
3814. The newly identified role of TRIM72, an E3 ligase, in NINJ1-mediated plasma  membrane rupture: focus on its anti-inflammatory function.
3815. The quest to find genuine adult ADHD: Navigating diagnostic challenges of  malingering - a review.
3816. Mapping mental health and suicide-related discourse on TikTok: An AI-based  social media listening study.
3817. Long-term repeatability, accuracy, and brain size dependence of automatic VOI  localization in single-voxel MRS.
3818. TBK1 associates with TRIF and TRAF3 related IRF3, IRF7, and type I IFN signaling  in large yellow croaker Larimichthys crocea.
3819. Comparative effects of different types of mind-body exercise interventions for  negative emotions in cancer patients: A systematic review and network  meta-analysis.
3820. Long-range interaction of multi-spiral cAMP waves in Dictyostelium discoideum  amoeba aggregation.
3821. In vivo toxicity of some cyanide-containing compounds in zebrafish (Danio rerio)  embryos.
3822. Polystyrene micro- and nanoparticles cellular uptake, toxicological effects, and  exocytosis. Short review of in vitro studies.
3823. Lymphatic endothelial cells actively shape immune responses in the lungs.
3824. Interspecific interactions alter survival strategies of tree-shrub plants and  hinder treeline ascent at alpine treelines in Southeastern Tibet: Evidence  from(13)C and(15)N.
3825. Water-insoluble components of PM(2.5) are major triggers of pulmonary  ferroptosis by inducing mitochondrial damage via Nrf2/Prdx6 pathway.
3826. Linker-dependent variations in the tumoricidal activity of  DZ-1-dihydroartemisinin conjugate formats.
3827. FOXM1 modulates keloid fibroblast proliferation and migration via the  BMP4/Smad1/5/8 axis.
3828. Patient safety concerns in the go-live phase of an electronic health record  implementation.
3829. A study of pragmatic hazard-informed triage workflow intervention for  occupational hygiene risk governance: Routine GC-FID chromatographic  fingerprints as exposure-intelligence early-warning signals.
3830. DDRGK1-mediated UFMylation regulates DEHP-induced ER-phagy and ER-stress:  Implication in the hippocampal neuronal apoptosis and cognitive deficits.
3831. Metabolic regulation driven by S-adenosylmethionine dictates specialized EPS  assembly for enhanced arsenite detoxification and sequestration.
3832. Nanoplastics perturb extracellular vesicle-mediated communication in the in  vitro and ex vivo bone marrow microenvironment of multiple myeloma.
3833. Organic acids enhanced the phototransformation of 1-nitronaphthalene in skin  sweat: The critical role of carbon-centered radicals.
3834. Inhalation toxicity assessment of imidazolium ionic liquids by a  physiology-based high-throughput lung-burden computational model.
3835. Do young children understand the objectivity of reality?
3836. Antibacterial activity and multi-target mechanism of naringenin against  Alicyclobacillus acidoterrestris and its application in apple juice.
3837. Negative service encounters at borders: Unraveling the impact of cross-border  tourism attributes on dissatisfaction, and future behavioral intention.
3838. Understanding reaction time as a process-level Indicator of financial risk  perception: An experimental framework for behavioral finance research.
3839. Multimodal emotional arousal in city image promotional videos: A comparative  analysis using self-report and electrodermal activity.
3840. Achieving controllable structure stability and enhanced hydrogen storage  performance of LiGaH(4): A rational design approach for the development of  stable hydrides.
3841. Bach transcription factors: Emerging molecular regulators for oxidative  stress-mediated skin responses and protection.
3842. Embedding LLMs in the patient portal to summarize acute minor illness  information: a three-arm experimental study.
3843. Minimizing nocebo side effects in health care: The unrecognized role of patient  involvement.
3844. Elucidation of the molecular binding mechanism of an anticancer thiolato-bridged  manganese(I) carbonyl complex with apotransferrin: Thermodynamic and structural  insights.
3845. Intelligent SERS sensing strategy based on Ag NP fractal networks and gradient  kernel size CNN for high-precision sweat monitoring.
3846. BSA@Cu(3)(PO(4))(2) hybrid nanoflower as bioinspired tyrosinase-mimicking  nanozyme for production of amino acid surfactant from caffeate.
3847. Magnetic nanozymes for dual-modal SERS-colorimetric detection of hydrogen  peroxide in foods.
3848. Dynamic liquid film crystallization (DLFC): An additive-free strategy for  spherical curcumin particles with superior powder flowability for functional  foods.
3849. Clinical phenotypes and mortality predictors in pediatric critical pertussis: A  multinational study.
3850. Osimertinib after definitive CRT in unresectable stage III EGFR-mutated NSCLC:  safety outcomes from the phase III LAURA study.
3851. Probing interlayer bromide in solvent intercalation of layered yttrium hydroxide  via (79/81)Br SSNMR spectroscopy.
3852. An intrinsically hydrophilic linker enables a stable, high-DAR exatecan-based  HER2 ADC with potent antitumor activity.
3853. Prognostic value and spatial transcriptomic landscape of histopathological  growth patterns in synchronous colorectal liver metastases.
3854. One-stage hepatectomy may be a safe and feasible alternative to ALPPS for  hepatocellular carcinoma with liver fibrosis or cirrhosis and FLR/SLV ratio of  30% - 40% - A multicenter study.
3855. Prevention is all you need: generative artificial intelligence for infection  prevention and healthcare epidemiology.
3856. Increasing threat to the healthcare setting: Candida auris.
3857. Defining Trombley-Brennan Terminal Tissue Injury With Long-Wave Infrared  Thermography.
3858. Beyond crisis: rethinking the evaluation of psychosocial interventions after  mass casualty incidents.
3859. Obesity as an epigenetic continuum: developmental roots, adipose remodeling, and  the limits of reversibility.
3860. Dextromethorphan Beyond the Cough: Exploring Its Psychedelic Potential: A  Systematic Review.
3861. Evaluation of Safety and Efficacy of Romiplostim in the Treatment of Pediatric  Immune Thrombocytopenia: A Real-World Observational Study.
3862. Defensive antinociception and antipredatory responses in prey threatened by  distinct odoriferous cues from Felis silvestris catus.
3863. Shikonin suppresses diffuse large B-cell lymphoma progression by inducing  ferritinophagy and ferroptosis via lncRNA ADPGK-AS1 downregulation.
3864. Deep learning-driven 3-D histopathology method: a pipeline for  cellular-resolution myocarditis analysis.
3865. The feasibility of promoting recreational physical activity to manage type 2  diabetes in urban Bangladesh: A qualitative study.
3866. Insufficient or excessive exercise activities are associated with suboptimal  treatment outcomes in patients with psoriasis: a longitudinal study in shanghai,  China.
3867. Virtual Patient-Specific 3-Dimensional Specimen Maps for Adjuvant Radiation  Therapy Planning in Mucosal Head and Neck Squamous Cell Carcinoma.
3868. Initiatives to support nursing workforce sustainability: A rapid umbrella  review.
3869. A noval 4D graph temporal brain network model for EEG-based depression  detection.
3870. Scholarly productivity of non-pharmacy practice faculty in U.S. schools and  colleges of pharmacy, 2019-2023.
3871. Engineering of fructose-6-phosphate aldolase for one-carbon conversion to  mannitol in a designed biotransformation system.
3872. Intercostal artery embolization and the risk of spinal cord ischemia: Importance  of identifying the Adamkiewicz artery-A report of two cases.
3873. Chronic Rasmussen encephalitis presenting without seizures: A pediatric case  report.
3874. Secondary distal femoral osteosarcoma in a non-irradiated survivor of bilateral  retinoblastoma.
3875. Inflammatory renal pseudotumor mimicking renal cell carcinoma with complete  radiologic resolution: A case report.
3876. Identification of coronary calcified nodules on noninvasive coronary CT: A  two-case report with intravascular imaging correlation.
3877. Sequential imaging approach with lymphoscintigraphy and intraoperative  indocyanine green lymphography for refractory chylous ascites in an infant: A  case report.
3878. Vasa previa with bipartite placenta and velamentous cord insertion.
3879. Mechanical stress from the hyoid bone as a potential etiology of bony-related  ischemic stroke secondary to carotid artery dissection: A case report and  systematic review.
3880. Acute tibialis posterior and flexor digitorum longus tendons rupture after glass  laceration: A rare case report.
3881. Ductal carcinoma in situ arising within a fibroadenoma in a 21-year-old woman: A  case report.
3882. Major hand replantation at the carpometacarpal level: A case report.
3883. Gun-sight technique for recanalization of chronic noncirrhotic, nonmalignant  extrahepatic portal vein obstruction.
3884. Endovascular treatment of an intraosseous dural arteriovenous fistula of the  greater wing of the sphenoid: A case report and literature review.
3885. Cerebral fat embolism syndrome in sickle cell disease: a case highlighting the  predominance of susceptibility-weighted imaging findings and literature review.
3886. Spatio-temporal field, landscape and meteorological datasets describing bruchid  beetle populations, grain damage and parasitism in faba bean and lentil fields  in France.
3887. SVH-BD: Synthetic vegetation hyperspectral benchmark dataset derived from  sentinel-2 tiles over France, Spain, Tanzania, and India during 1-6 May 2023.
3888. Career anxiety in the age of artificial intelligence: Survey data of university  students in Bangladesh.
3889. Data from a randomized control trial that examined the impact of a cash transfer  and psychological intervention on alcohol outcomes and household welfare in  India.
3890. A multi-condition acoustic dataset of ball bearings for fault diagnosis.
3891. Datasets for top-down estimates of sectoral CO(2) and CH(4) emissions,  terrestrial and ocean carbon exchanges, and atmospheric concentrations over the  Korean Peninsula.
3892. Dataset of temperature and relative humidity measurements in domestic  refrigerators in Bangkok Thailand.
3893. An open-access dataset of global experimental yields in organic, diversified and  conventional agricultural systems.
3894. Dataset on hydration, microstructure, mechanical performance and environmental  impacts of Portland cement incorporating waste-derived ferrous sulfate.
3895. Reference values for the alcohol biomarker phosphatidylethanol (PEth) in the  Belgian population: Insights from a nationwide microsampling study.
3896. Plate fixation of the symphysis after symphysiotomy: A case report.
3897. Preclinical efficacy of a gene therapy for CHKB-mediated muscular dystrophy.
3898. Mitochondrial dynamics and T cells immunity in cancer.
3899. Bilateral lens subluxation in a patient with homocystinuria: a case report.
3900. Political determinants of melanoma: Global inequities in skin cancer care.
3901. A Prospective, Observational Study Evaluating the Impact and Safety of an  Emergency Physician Collaboration With a Nurse Triage Phone Line.
3902. Young Man With Neck Pain.
3903. Operative vs. nonoperative treatment in Mason type II fractures: a  meta-analysis.
3904. Glenohumeral allograft capsular reconstruction for recalcitrant instability of  reverse total shoulder arthroplasty: a novel technique.
3905. Clinical and radiographic outcomes following open Latarjet with single button  technique.
3906. Side-to-side functional symmetry and radiographic stability after distal ulna  resection with ECU tenodesis: A case series of grade III giant cell tumors.
3907. Tibiotalocalcaneal arthrodesis versus open reduction and internal fixation in  treatment of trimalleolar ankle fractures: A propensity-matched TriNetX database  study.
3908. Silver nanoparticles enhance organogenesis, total flavonoid and anthocyanin  contents in Gynura pseudochina tissue culture.
3909. Nanobody-based analysis of RhoGTPase stress response in Schizosaccharomyces  pombe: Role of mtl2.
3910. Development of program requirements for obesity medicine fellowship training in  the U.S.
3911. Repurposing a thoracic branch endoprosthesis side branch for complex aortic  pathology.
3912. Anatomical deformation prediction using artificial intelligence for fusion  imaging during aortic endovascular procedures.
3913. Crankshaft Phenomenon After Definitive Spinal Fusion in Pre-teens: Should We Be  Concerned with Pedicle Screw Constructs?
3914. The Effect of Age, Sex, and Body Mass Index on Spinopelvic Balance Throughout  Childhood and Adolescence: An Automated 3D-Computed Tomography Study of 9,721  Pediatric Patients.
3915. Transcranial Motor-Evoked Potentials Provide More Reliable Intraoperative  Neuromonitoring Than Somatosensory-Evoked Potentials in Charcot-Marie-Tooth  Patients Undergoing Periacetabular Osteotomy for Hip Dysplasia.
3916. Comprehensive evaluation of tick infestation dynamics and host response in  Kankrej and Holstein Friesian crossbred cattle.
3917. Antiplatelet therapy on top of anticoagulation in atrial fibrillation: when less  may be more.
3918. Lighting up β-cell function: Noninvasive MRI of glucose-stimulated Zn(2+)  secretion.
3919. Cortical transcriptomic dysregulation in Autism spectrum disorder: A conceptual  synthesis.
3920. Anticipatory slow potentials before auditory feedback show posterior  predominance but limited condition effects in speech-in-noise.
3921. Long-Read Sequencing in CKD Diagnostics: Breaking Genomic Barriers and Expanding  Global Inclusion.
3922. Randomized Controlled Study of Sirolimus-Coated Balloons for Dysfunctional  Hemodialysis Fistulas.
3923. Safety and early organ preservation outcomes after dose escalation with  MR-guided radiotherapy for rectal cancer (preRADAR): A phase I trial.
3924. Degeneration dependent changes in human knee cartilage mechanical properties  revealed by synchrotron tomography based finite element modeling.
3925. Cognitive Decline, Neurologic Involvement, and Neonatal Crisis in ABCC9-Related  Intellectual Disability and Myopathy Syndrome.
3926. Biological and pathogenic roles of major genes harbored in intrachromosomal  amplification of chromosome 21 in childhood acute lymphoblastic leukemia  (Review).
3927. Sexual dimorphic pattern of renal transporters and channels in spontaneously  hypertensive rats.
3928. Poor sleep quality correlates with axial symptoms and mood problems in  Parkinson's disease.
3929. Ibero-Balearic plant disjunctions: genomic support for rapid and recurrent  long-distance colonizations of the endangered Diplotaxis ibicensis  (Brassicaceae) despite no dispersal syndromes.
3930. MITF-Driven melanoma plasticity as a core mechanism of therapy resistance:  integrating microenvironmental signaling, mechanotransduction, and metabolic  reprogramming.
3931. Microbial proteases and endothelial barrier disruption in sepsis: A neglected  nexus.
3932. Mind the Gap: Impact of New Labels on Public Perceptions and Calculated Risk of  Adverse Outcomes after a Melanoma In Situ Diagnosis-A Secondary Analysis of an  Online Randomized Experiment.
3933. AMD1-mediated polyamine metabolism governs tubular repair fate by restraining  senescence after kidney injury.
3934. Targeting the tumor microenvironment in glioblastoma: Mechanistic insights,  therapeutic strategies, and advances in immunotherapy.
3935. Programming the translational landscape for predictable gene expression.
3936. New insights into the temporal speciation of phosphorus during anaerobic  digestion of wetland biomass wastes.
3937. Enhanced lignin-to-lipid bioconversion via glucose-assisted co-metabolism in  newly isolated bacteria.
3938. Mechanistic insights into superior biofilm formation with heterotrophic  nitrification-aerobic denitrification bacteria under polypropylene microplastic  stress.
3939. Disintegrated halophilic aerobic granular sludge restoration using zinc oxide  nanoparticles: synergistic effects of fungal toxicity inhibition and  extracellular polymeric substances production.
3940. LDHB from grass carp (Ctenopharyngodon idella) mitigates salinity-induced injury  in kidney cells.
3941. ATG12 contributes to antibacterial immunity against Aeromonas veronii in  Macrobrachium rosenbergii.
3942. Partial lumbar spine response in hip non-responders to romosozumab: Baseline  bone mineral density as the principal determinant in a multi-center real-world  Japanese cohort (n = 398).
3943. Effects of acute physical activity on executive functions: The role of cognitive  engagement and social interaction.
3944. Artificial intelligence in clinical metagenomic pathogen detection: A critical  review of pipeline integrations, challenges, and future directions.
3945. Modeling and analysis of the effect of dissolved oxygen on the dynamics of  Plankton system in shallow lakes.
3946. Establishment of PCOS-specific prolactin reference intervals to optimize  laboratory demand management for macroprolactin screening.
3947. Amphibian skin peptides: Diversity, biological functions, and research progress.
3948. Current knowledge and future directions in disease resistance breeding of Andean  and Mesoamerican common bean gene pools: A review.
3949. Functional regeneration of complex ballistic trauma via herbal extract and  antibiotic loaded multilayered nanofibrous hydrogel scaffold.
3950. Senescence-associated tertiary lymphoid structures in Sjögren's disease model  nishiura mice.
3951. Cellular senescence in ischemic stroke: Cell-type specificity, temporal  dynamics, and response to therapeutic interventions.
3952. Exercise snacks to combat hyperglycaemia in patients with abnormal glycaemic  control: Use of a novel strategy based on individual continuous glucose data in  a real-world setting.
3953. Manual therapy promotes prefrontal neural efficiency in chronic non-specific  neck pain: An fNIRS-Based randomized controlled trial.
3954. A novel two-in-one Eu-MOFs integrates electrochemiluminescence and ratiometric  fluorescence dual-mode sensor for tetracycline detection.
3955. From fermentation to pharmabiotics: engineering kefir-derived Lactobacillus for  targeted intratumoral immunotherapy in colorectal Cancer.
3956. Non-targeted flavor metabolomics reveals the regulatory mechanism of LAB-yeast  mixed fermentation on the flavor profile of cheese flavoring.
3957. Reframing nociplastic pain research and treatment using post-traumatic stress  disorder-inspired conceptual models.
3958. Diagnostic accuracy of the Xpert HPV assay in women starting antiretroviral  treatment in South Africa.
3959. Adaptive-Optics-Based Simulation of Astigmatism Effects on Visual Acuity with  Enhanced Monofocal Intraocular Lenses.
3960. Editorial for VSI "Advances in stroke research".
3961. Corrigendum to "Fermented cordyceps powder alleviates silica-induced  inflammation and fibrosis by inhibiting M1 macrophage polarization via the  HMGB1-TLR4-NF-κB pathway" [J. Ethnopharmacol. (2025) 345, 119631].
3962. Novel 1H-pyrrole-2,5-dione derivatives as potential anti-diabetic agents:  design, synthesis, in vitro, in ovo, and molecular docking studies.
3963. Pivotal role of PD-1/PD-L1 as an immune checkpoint in lymphoma and solid tumor:  Cellular organization, clinical implications & the potential of small molecule  inhibitors.
3964. Biomass ash-derived Fe self-doped zeolites for PMS mediated oxytetracycline  degradation: Mechanism, pathways and toxicity evaluation.
3965. The influence of effort intensity and duration on exercise choices.
3966. A genetic linkage map based on Genotyping-By-Sequencing SNPs for giant  freshwater prawn Macrobrachium rosenbergii (De Man, 1879) and comparative genome  analysis.
3967. Drug-coated balloon versus drug-eluting stent for isolated ostial side-branch  bifurcation (Medina 0.0.1) lesions.
3968. Echocardiographic correlates of acute kidney injury in cardiac intensive care  unit patients.
3969. Translating caregiver-identified neighborhood features into quantitative  variables for statistical analyses of effects on child health.
3970. Sleep and aging: The role of DNA methylation.
3971. Sex differences in hippocampal and prefrontal gene expression of  endocannabinoid, glutamatergic and GABAergic systems and amino acids profile  underlie cocaine plus ethanol seeking incubation.
3972. Current status and challenges in targeting circulating amyloid-β carriers for  Alzheimer's disease therapy.
3973. Investigating the effects of disposable face masks leaching compounds on marine  biota: a toxicogenomic approach using stress indices and transcriptomics in  tissues of mussel Mytilus galloprovincialis.
3974. Assessing the effect of long-term high altitude exposure on human brain  function: A resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
3975. AQP4-mediated glymphatic clearance: Sleep, neurodegeneration, and the  translational gap.
3976. Potential mechanisms and material basis of Jinhua Qinggan Granules against Zika  virus infection and associated inflammatory responses.
3977. Sinomenine restrains the proliferation and hyperactivation of B lymphocytes  partly by inhibiting interferon regulatory factor 5.
3978. Purification and characterization of a new trypsin inhibitor from Senegalia  rugata and its toxicity against the larvae of the dengue mosquito Aedes  albopictus (Diptera: Culicidae).
3979. Inhibition of return in schizophrenic patients: Impaired reorientation,  facilitation by stimuli, or both? An eye-movement based study.
3980. High-sensitivity optical thermometry in CaWO(4): Bi(3+), Pr(3+) phosphors based  on distinct thermal quenching behaviors.
3981. Collaborative improvement effect of xanthan gum and L-arginine on myofibrillar  protein-based emulsion under low sodium and low oil phase: Interfacial behavior,  rheology and 3D printability.
3982. A folk taxonomy of magic.
3983. Delayed structural prediction for relative clauses: A new argument for learning  to parse from Santiago Laxopa Zapotec.
3984. Nonlinear association of methylmalonic acid with chronic obstructive pulmonary  disease and the mediating role of systemic inflammation: A population-based  study.
3985. Association between antibiotic use and pathologic response to neoadjuvant  chemotherapy in breast cancer: a multicentre retrospective cohort study.
3986. In situ genetic modification of gut bacteria.
3987. High SOX17 expression is correlated with favorable prognosis and CD8(+) TILs  expression in patients with pancreatic cancer after curative resection.
3988. Comparative assessment of behavioral and systemic effects of small (10 nm) and  large (100 nm) tellurium nanoparticles in a chronic mouse model.
3989. Dynamic switching of macrophage phagocytic polarity between opposing targets.
3990. Intensive care admissions for severe immune-related adverse events associated  with immune checkpoint inhibitor therapy: a 10-year cohort study.
3991. Novel captopril-valproic acid platinum(IV) hybrids with potent antiproliferative  and antimetastatic activities targeting fibrosis and DNA-repair.
3992. EGFR tyrosine kinase inactivation by Withacoagulin-induced conformational shift.
3993. Predicting viscosity of ionic liquids using structure-based models.
3994. Laminar segregation of excitatory and inhibitory projections from the inferior  colliculus to the superior colliculus.
3995. The role of school-based interventions in mitigating polyvictimization: Evidence  from a national sample of Tunisian secondary schools.
3996. Sibling sexual abuse: What do we know about the characteristics of sibling  sexual abuse? Stage 2 analysis of a 2-stage scoping review.
3997. Development of PRRSV-1 specific monoclonal antibody and detection of PRRSV-1  infection.
3998. Identification of SARS-CoV-2 proteins suppressing host protein synthesis.
3999. Topology-encoded multiplex diagnostics enabled by strand composition-controlled  amplification.
4000. Dynamic dual roles of gut microbial metabolites in Alzheimer's disease:  Translational insights for gut-brain axis interventions.
4001. Acylhydrazone-based ferrocene-iridium(III) heteronuclear metal complexes: In  vivo/in vitro anticancer evaluation towards A549 cell lines.
4002. Predicting survival in extremely preterm infants: A multicenter machine learning  study from Spain.
4003. Nuclear receptor co-activator 4 interacts with RUVBL1/2 to maintain genome  integrity through double-strand break repair.
4004. Integrated microbiome and metabolomics analyses reveal gut-lung axis alteration  following waterborne Pseudomonas aeruginosa exposure.
4005. Interplay of microplastics and bioturbation on atrazine dynamics in aquaculture  sediments.
4006. The ablation cycle drives glacier microbiome dynamics and downstream  dissemination risk of the resistome.
4007. Towards autonomous scheduling agents for water distribution networks:  Self-evolving data-centric AI via continuous data-model coevolution.
4008. Making Waves: Bridging the scale gap in aquatic phosphorus cycling.
4009. Prevalence and recurrence rate of gestational diabetes: A nationwide cohort  study.
4010. ENDO-GYM: A holistic approach with pelvic floor physiotherapy and Yoga for  endometriosis pain relief.
4011. Perioperative management of biologic disease-modifying antirheumatic drugs in  patients with inflammatory rheumatic diseases undergoing total joint  arthroplasty: A nationwide population-based cohort study from Taiwan.
4012. The effect of exercise interventions on physiological fitness, physical and  cognitive function, common symptoms, and disease impact for people with severe  Multiple Sclerosis: A systematic review.
4013. Anti-JCV antibody seroprevalence and testing practices in multiple sclerosis  patients considered for natalizumab therapy: a retrospective study from King  Saud Medical City, Riyadh, Saudi Arabia.
4014. Understanding the intention-behavior gap: The role of entrepreneurship education  and creative self-efficacy among university students.
4015. Cyberbullying Victimization and Nonsuicidal Self-injury: Barrier and Motive  Pathways via Self-Esteem and Self-Punishment.
4016. Load reversals and damage in magnesium alloys during stent crimping and  expansion: Experiments and modelling.
4017. Examining stable and dynamic factors associated with daily problematic mobile  phone use: Evidence from a 14-day diary study using machine learning and network  analysis.
4018. A single multi-configuration direct electron detector for various electron  imaging and diffraction-based techniques in SEM.
4019. N, N-diethylhydroxylamine, morpholine, and cyclohexylamine analysis in steam  turbine water by gas chromatography with chemiluminescence detection.
4020. Green and integrated recovery of luteolin from peanut shells using ionic  liquid-microwave extraction and macroporous resin purification.
4021. Heterologous expression of sfp from Bacillus subtilis enhances colanic acid  biosynthesis in Escherichia coli S17-3.
4022. A sustained-release sinomenine hydrogel targets microglial ferroptosis via  Nrf2-hmox1 activation to alleviate diabetic peripheral neuropathy.
4023. Ma-Xing-Shi-Gan decoction alleviates allergic asthma by modulating the gut  microbiota-tryptophan metabolism-ILC2 axis.
4024. Saikosaponin A restores the IDO1-driven gut-testis kynurenine axis to alleviate  oligozoospermia.
4025. Focused ultrasound-mediated nanocarrier delivery across the blood-brain barrier  for neurodegenerative diseases.
4026. Seed dormancy and germination of three Corydalis species, disjunct relict  species in East Asia.
4027. Global research trends and hotspots of plant physiologically active substances:  quantitative visualization analysis based on CiteSpace.
4028. Genotype Distribution of Rotavirus Strains and Its Association with Severity of  Diarrhea Among Children Under Five Hospitalized with Acute Gastroenteritis in  Odisha, India: Correspondence.
4029. Molecularly imprinted polyvinylbenzoic acid based sensor for highly sensitive  detection of acute lymphoblastic leukemia biomarker.
4030. Increasing trends in adult obesity in Greenland: a serial cross-sectional study  from 1999 through 2018.
4031. Impact of Hypothyroidism on Short-Term and Long-Term Outcomes of Coronary Artery  Bypass Graft Surgery.
4032. Updates on drug-induced anaphylaxis in children.
4033. Beta-lactam de-labelling as a core antimicrobial stewardship strategy in the era  of the antimicrobial resistance pandemic: a narrative review.
4034. The changing epidemiology of human type 2 diabetes-associated atherosclerosis:  Pathophysiological mechanisms and emerging treatment possibilities.
4035. Oral self-assembly nanoemulsion drives in vivo hepatic stellate cell-targeting  drug delivery in liver fibrosis.
4036. Temperature Unlocks Inheritance: Indications of Vertical Transmission of Usutu  Virus in Culex pipiens Bioform Molestus.
4037. School attendance in individuals with cerebral palsy in Brazil.
4038. Temporomandibular joint disorder and gross motor function in children with  cerebral palsy.
4039. Concurrent Photobiomodulation by Dual-Wavelength (655 nm and 808 nm) Laser  Exposure Promotes Accelerated Wound Healing.
4040. Robust Meta-Analysis of a Clinical Cell-Cycle Risk (CCR) Score Demonstrates  Broadly Applicable Metastasis and Disease-Specific Mortality Risk Stratification  in Men With Localized Prostate Cancer.
4041. Corrigendum to "Microenvironment-responsive sodium alginate hydrogel loaded with  MnO(2) and pachymic acid for the treatment of gastric ulcer" [Biomed.  Pharmacother. 183 (2025) 117835].
4042. Hierarchical construction of a superhydrophobic and superior intrinsically  flame-retardant phosphorylated microcrystalline cellulose bio-based composite  aerogel.
4043. Structural characterization, in vitro anticoagulant, and antiplatelet activities  of a Distolasterias nipon dermatan sulfate-like polymer with a distinctive  sulfation pattern.
4044. Carbohydrate polymer-stabilized Pickering emulsion gel coordinates antimicrobial  and pro-regenerative cues for scar-minimized wound healing.
4045. Multi-stimuli responsive cellulose nanocrystal-based microcapsules with enhanced  insecticidal efficacy and environmental safety.
4046. High-strength PVA-based carboxymethyl cellulose hydrogel enabling adaptive  plugging of cracks of varying widths.
4047. An asymmetric bacterial cellulose/collagen membrane constructed via biological  suturing and in situ pore formation for abdominal wall hernia repair.
4048. Designing soy protein amyloid fibrils-high methoxyl pectin composite gel as a  potential dysphagia food: Focus on interaction exploration and delivery  properties.
4049. Nature's blueprint: Exopolysaccharides linking microbiome dynamics to advanced  bone tissue engineering.
4050. A triple-network hydrogel synergistically constructed via hydrophobic  interactions, hemicellulose-mediated Diels-Alder bonds, and Fe(3+) coordination  for flexible sensors and TENGs.
4051. The experience of community-based peer support groups for people living with  bipolar disorder: A qualitative focus group study.
4052. A psychosocial manipulation of the error-related negativity does not transfer to  the balance N1: A randomized controlled trial in anxious children.
4053. Impact of the "DPC Special Provision" on COVID-19 inpatient case identification  in Japanese administrative databases.
4054. Survey of Cryptosporidium spp. detection in endangered ground geckos,  Goniurosaurus spp. (Squamata: Eublepharidae) in Japan, with a preliminary  assessment of cloacal swab sampling.
4055. Preclinical in vitro evaluation of a new nasal formulation combining  xylometazoline and hyaluronic acid: Permeability and penetration analysis using  an advanced characterized human nasal model.
4056. A novel spontaneous rat model of chronic kidney disease with mitochondrial  dysfunction driven by thioredoxin insufficiency.
4057. Social vulnerability is not associated with three-month functional outcomes  after mechanical thrombectomy.
4058. Synergistic inactivation of Micrococcus luteus and its biofilms by  5-aminolevulinic acid-mediated photodynamic therapy.
4059. Spontaneous oxycodone withdrawal alters behavior and oligodendrocyte-related  gene expression in mice.
4060. Epigenetic encoding of metabolic memory in diabetic retinopathy: From molecular  imprinting to neurovascular network reprogramming.
4061. Effectiveness of mosquito repellents for human: A systematic review of  human-based studies.
4062. Molecular characterization of Cryptosporidium in beef cattle in Xinjiang, China  and first report subtype IIdA16G1 of C. parvum in China.
4063. Carnosol targets KAT2B/H3K18la axis to regulate histone lactylation and inhibit  proliferation of lung cancer cells.
4064. RRBP1 promotes osimertinib resistance by activating fatty acid  oxidation-dependent metabolic and immune reprogramming in EGFR-Mutant lung  adenocarcinoma.
4065. Use t tests to analyze counts of cells in two states.
4066. First report of mass mortality in post-metamorphosis Magallana gigas associated  with OsHV-1 in China: epidemiological and genomic characterization.
4067. Bisphenol S induces hepatic steatosis and insulin resistance through AMPK  inhibition and endoplasmic reticulum stress.
4068. Mechanistic insights into fluoride-induced male reproductive injury: The role of  Nrf2/FSP1 pathway-mediated ferroptosis.
4069. Convergence and innovative applications of cutting-edge biomedical technologies  in brain organoid research.
4070. Synergistic electrocatalytic reduction-oxidation cascade for efficient  degradation of triclosan over an optimal amino-ionic liquid functionalized  CoNi/RGO cathode.
4071. High-resolution chemical characterization and bioactivity assessment of Solanum  cernuum infusion.
4072. Co-regulatory mechanisms of skin and hair aging.
4073. Combination effect of nutrition and exercise intervention in patients with  maintenance dialysis: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
4074. Letter to Editor -Comments on "Fermented and non-fermented pickles modulate gut  microbiota in older adults with dysphagia: A pilot crossover study".
4075. Plasma metabolomics enhances risk prediction for lung cancer: a population-based  validation study.
4076. Color change over time in one-shade composite restorations of non-carious  cervical lesions after in-office dental bleaching: A controlled clinical trial.
4077. Implementation and evaluation of the multidisciplinary "ABCDEF of sleep"  protocol in Brazilian intensive care units: A quasi-experimental study. Results  of a two-phase.
4078. Strengths and pitfalls of NNT and NNH in early breast cancer escalation trials.
4079. Interplay of age, speech perception in noise, standard and extended  high-frequency hearing, and cochlear synaptopathy in individuals with normal  audiograms.
4080. Non-canonical Platelet activation by oral squamous cell carcinoma extracellular  vesicles through cooperative thrombin formation.
4081. Bioenergetic benefits and therapeutic potential of storable mitochondria.
4082. Dietary fatty acids activate FATP4 and lipid transport via HIF1α and KDM4B in  the small intestinal enterocytes.
4083. Impact of obstructive sleep apnea on metabolic markers in non-obese children  living at high altitudes: A cross-sectional study.
4084. Assessing global flood-induced occurrence and transmission risks of biological  contaminants.
4085. Ecological risk assessment of 1,4-thioxane and its remediation by a synthetic  microbiome based on a sulfur transformation system: From multi-omics to water  application.
4086. A PFAS-selective semifluoroalkylated polyvinylimidazolium resin for reversible  adsorption of anionic fluorosurfactants.
4087. Perfluorocarboxylic acid toxicity analysis with  albumin/1-anilinonaphthalene-8-sulfonate probe assisted by machine learning.
4088. Effects of virtual reality-based interventions on craving in substance use  disorders: A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled  trials.
4089. Pilot randomized study of three digital models to train opioid use disorder  counselors in community reinforcement and family training.
4090. Correspondence on: Revision targeted muscle reinnervation for management of  neuropathic pain in lower extremity amputees.
4091. CO(2) Rebreathing as effective technique to assess cerebrovascular reserve in a  resource constrained environment.
4092. Colorectal cancer in Saudi Arabia, 1990-2023: An epidemiological ecological  study and forecasting projections to 2030.
4093. UHPLC-Q-Exactive Orbitrap MS-based brain-gut metabolomics implicates  multi-pathway modulation by Ginseng stem-leaf saponins in chronic fatigue  syndrome mice.
4094. Paternal intergenerational thyroid disruption in zebrafish induced by  environmental prednisone exposure.
4095. Metagenomic insights into the distribution and potential influencing factors of  antibiotic resistance genes in historically polluted lake sediments.
4096. Discovery of bridged melanostatin derivatives as potent allosteric modulators of  the dopamine D(2) receptors with improved permeability.
4097. A homologous cell membrane-coated peptide-based USP7 degrader enhances  degradation efficiency and anti-tumor activity in gastric Cancer.
4098. Fluorogenic/chromogenic enzyme substrates constructed around the  2-amino-7-nitrofluorene core structure for the detection of aminopeptidase  activities in clinically important microorganisms.
4099. Measurements of the relative gamma-ray emission intensities from the decay of  (127)Sb and (126)Sb.
4100. MDA reduction in HPGe gamma-ray spectrometry using a digital-twin-based  intrinsic background construction.
4101. A SERS-active molecularly imprinted polymer sensor for ultrasensitive detection  of microcystin-LR in water and its application in water safety monitoring.
4102. Developing ribose fatty acid mono-esters as novel oleogelators with tailored  colloidal properties: enzymatic synthesis, structure-activity relationships and  mechanistic insights.
4103. Effects of a group intervention on social isolation in patient-spousal caregiver  dyads coping with colorectal cancer: A randomized controlled trial.
4104. Superior survival, hemodynamics, and metabolic recovery using PEG-20k-based low  volume resuscitation in a polytrauma hemorrhagic shock model in rats.
4105. Subtype-specific associations between ambient air pollution and influenza virus  infection: A nationwide case-crossover study in China.
4106. High spatiotemporal resolution assessment of PM(2.5) and NO(2) exposure and  respiratory health inequality in Thailand.
4107. Enhanced PFHxS degradation by DBD combined with microbubbles and sulfite:  Synergistic effects and mechanisms.
4108. Environmental forensics of compost-assisted bioremediation in complex  co-contaminated soils.
4109. Iron ores with contrasting redox properties drive iron biogeochemical cycling to  enhance acesulfame and nutrients removal in constructed wetlands.
4110. Galectin-1 exacerbates hepatic steatosis by impairing autophagy via interaction  with FIP200.
4111. Procyanidin B2 ameliorates hypoxic-ischemic brain damage in neonatal rats by  inhibiting pyroptosis via the TLR4/NF-κB signaling pathway.
4112. ESCRT-mediated membrane remodeling in cancer immune evasion and resistance to  immunotherapy: mechanisms, therapeutic vulnerabilities, and translational  implications.
4113. Stabilization of MHCII on dendritic cells via AhR-mediated blockade of  proteasomal degradation drives Th17 responses to exogenous antigens.
4114. Toward personalized treatment in phenylketonuria: Intra-individual variation of  in vivo phenylalanine oxidation using the (13)C-phenylalanine breath test.
4115. Ultrasonic forward modeling of industrial oil-water two-phase flow.
4116. Boundary echo control of S0-mode lamb waves using gradient phononic crystals.
4117. A scientometric review of positive youth development research in China.
4118. Determinants of happiness among pregnant women in Bangladesh.
4119. Erector Spinae Plane Block as an Analgesic Strategy for Hepatopancreaticobiliary  Pain: A Systematic Review.
4120. Epitope-level insights for immuno-recognition of JEV NS1 via gold nanoflower-  MXene composite.
4121. Functional stratification reveals speed-independent gait impairments beyond  chronological age.
4122. Simiao Yongan decoction alleviates sepsis-induced liver injury by modulating  macrophage polarization via gut-derived ursodeoxycholic acid.
4123. Chikusetsusaponin V improves vascular endothelial dysfunction by binding to  ITGB1 and mediating PURA-eNOS activation in mice with diabetes mellitus.
4124. Lysine β-hydroxybutyrylation: A metabolic-epigenetic interface in health and  disease.
4125. Chemical methodologies for Direct-to-Biology library synthesis.
4126. Polymorphisms in immune checkpoint genes might influence bladder cancer risk and  clinical outcome.
4127. Perceptions of acceptability and preferences surrounding a hypothetical syphilis  vaccine in Lima, Peru.
4128. Treatment of posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD).
4129. Does Liposomal Bupivacaine Provide Superior Postoperative Analgesia Compared  With Ropivacaine With Dexamethasone in Suprainguinal Fascia Iliaca Compartment  Block for THA? A Randomized Controlled Trial.
4130. Correction: ASO Visual Abstract: Well‑Differentiated Liposarcoma of the Psoas  Muscle: A Distinct Anatomic Subset with Highly Favorable Outcomes.
4131. Standardized MRI nomenclature for knee meniscal lesions: SSR consensus panel  report.
4132. Fibroblast depletion reveals mammalian epithelial resilience across neonatal and  adult stages.
4133. Met-Vision reveals coexisting energetic states in tissue macrophages  redistributed by inflammation.
4134. Redox-dependent S-glutathionylation of Aurora-A kinase by Gstp promotes  postsynaptic maturation.
4135. Study of Metformin and GLP-1 Receptor Agonist Use in Hidradenitis Suppurativa  Using the NIH All of Us Research Program.
4136. CCDC77 and SLC45A3 mediate the genetic mechanism of Hashimoto's thyroiditis  through IL-6.
4137. Yin Yang 1 Specifically Supports the Development of Olig2 Positive Cerebellar  Astrocytes.
4138. Early-Onset Obesity and Heart Failure Burden Independent of Cardiometabolic Risk  Factors.
4139. Frailty is associated with lower-limb osteoarthritis incidence over six-years  regardless of sex and type of frailty index in the Canadian longitudinal study  on aging.
4140. A rare case of heterotopic ossification after an ankle sprain.
4141. Effect of prior breast cancer treatment on outcomes of reverse total shoulder  arthroplasty.
4142. The challenge of HTLV-1 therapeutics: lessons from anti-protease approaches.
4143. Enduring versus curable: mixed-methods perspectives about pain among  chiropractic patients.
4144. Implementation of AESOP early-warning system for respiratory disease: a pilot  and validation study using routinely collected data in Amazonas, Brazil.
4145. PLETHSOMNet: automated identification of insomnia using deep neural network  technique with photoplethysmography (PPG) signals.
4146. DNA methylation-estimated phenotypes, telomere length, aging and risk of  intracranial aneurysms: Evidence from genetic studies.
4147. Cell homing within endodontic hydrogels: A scoping review.
4148. Clinical evidence on integrated Chinese-Western medicine for depressive  disorder.
4149. Intravitreal delivery of NGF-chitosan hydrogel confers retinal ganglion cell  protection and visual function recovery in experimental glaucoma.
4150. The mediating role of motives in the associations between the big five  personality traits and marijuana outcomes: A cross-national study across four  countries.
4151. Dietary fiber supplementation during late gestation affects steroidogenesis,  antioxidant capacity, gut microbiota and placental metabolomics of Rongchang  sows.
4152. Feasibility and acceptability of advanced practice nursing in Lebanon: A  convergent parallel mixed-methods study.
4153. Persisting predominant clinical CC87 Listeria monocytogenes in China:  evolutionary dynamics and diversification.
4154. Cost-consequence analysis of diagnostic strategies for suspected  community-acquired pneumonia in France and Spain.
4155. Correction to 'Effect of Different Occlusal Forces on the Accuracy of  Interocclusal Records of Loose Teeth'.
4156. When Imaging and Electrodiagnosis Disagree on Nerve Root Avulsion-How to  Reconcile Differences.
4157. Research Progress on Low-Temperature Plasma Nucleoplasty and Targeted  Radiofrequency for Cervical Spondylotic Radiculopathy: A Retrospective Review.
4158. Level of interprofessional collaboration and mortality in Type 2 diabetes  mellitus in primary care: Methodological considerations and recommendations for  interpretation.
4159. Daytime impairment and depressive symptoms in patients with obstructive sleep  apnea and coexisting insomnia symptoms: A cross-sectional study from a Caribbean  sleep center.
4160. Coagulopathy in obstetric bleeding: a narrative review and comparison with  trauma-induced coagulopathy.
4161. Balancing the evidence with the SPAQI recommendations: from perioperative  discontinuation towards continuation of SGLT2 inhibitors.
4162. Corrigendum to "Expression profiling of GP63 isoforms with predicted nuclear  localization signals in Leishmania (Viannia) braziliensis" [Experimental  Parasitology 286 (2026) 109155].
4163. Corrigendum to 'The catalytic triad of testes-specific protease 50 (TSP50) is  essential for its function in cell proliferation' [Cellular Signalling 26 (2014)  2266-2275].
4164. [Best practice deployment of lead emergency physicians in Germany - A Delphi  study: A structured consensus process among EMS medical directors].
4165. In vitro exposure to polystyrene microplastic induces oxidative stress mediated  β-cell dysfunction.
4166. Plant-mediated synthesis of silver nanoparticles from Moringa oleifera against  ESKAPE pathogens.
4167. Development and evaluation of a multi-panel real-time PCR assay for rapid  detection of six bacterial species causing endophthalmitis.
4168. CNVs, chromatin accessibility, and 3D chromatin structure in preadipocytes  provide mechanistic insight into sheep fat-tailed formation.
4169. A pH-responsive hydrogel based on polysaccharides incorporated with  honeysuckle-derived exosome-like nanovesicles for the management of infected  wound.
4170. Combination of small-molecule additives enhances recombinant protein expression  in CHO cells via NF-κB pathway.
4171. A molecular dynamics approach to mapping DNA-binding modes of a nuclear receptor  family in a non-model organism: An in silico analysis of the Magallana gigas  genome.
4172. Cyclosporine A protects against wasp venom-induced rhabdomyolysis in rats by  inhibiting the CypD-mPTP pathway.
4173. Surveillance of Enterobacteriaceae, Escherichia coli, and STEC in Food from the  Piedmont Region (Italy): Results of Official Control Activities (2022-2024).
4174. Estimating residence times of type II p38α MAPK inhibitors using τ-RAMD  simulations.
4175. Molecular characterization and expression analysis of tiger puffer (Takifugu  rubripes) interferon regulatory factor in response to Vibrio harveyi infection.
4176. Integration of chemical looping and Fischer-Tropsch processes for efficient  biomass to liquid fuel production and carbon dioxide sequestration.
4177. Visual detection of five common vaginitis pathogens by multiplex recombinase  polymerase amplification combined with lateral flow strips.
4178. Achieving completed revascularization via inferior mini-sternotomy versus  conventional median sternotomy for CABG in patients with multivessel CAD (the  ACRIS-MICABG trial): Rationale and design of a multicentre, randomized  controlled trial.
4179. Site-dependent Treg cell transcriptional reprogramming in a metastatic  colorectal cancer model holds prognostic significance.
4180. Effect of the BMP4-Smad pathway on corneal immune double-arm and mechanism  study.
4181. Huanglian wendan decoction attenuates hepatic inflammation and lipogenesis via  inhibition of the NF-κB/HDAC1/SREBP-1c axis.
4182. Molecular mechanisms and therapeutic targets of traditional Chinese Medicine  compounds in renal cell carcinoma: A comprehensive narrative review.
4183. Phytochemical characterization, molecular docking, and protective efficacy of  Cleome droserifolia against cisplatin-induced testicular toxicity.
4184. Influence of inhalation exposure to biogenic volatile organic compounds from  Syringa oblata flowers on behavior, spatial working memory, and hematological  parameters in mice.
4185. Quantifying the impact of vegetation changes on runoff in alpine basins using  the Budyko framework integrating glacier effect.
4186. Asymmetric isotopic constraints on nitrogen and phosphorus source apportionment  in a plain river network.
4187. Determinants of radiofrequency electromagnetic fields emitted by smartphones in  French cellular telephony networks.
4188. A job exposure matrix for occupational exposure to airborne micro and  nanoplastics (PlastiXJEM®️) and associations with respiratory outcomes.
4189. Role of TRPA1 channel activation in exacerbating allergic airway inflammation  mediated by 4-Nitrodiphenylamine.
4190. Polygenic overlap and shared genomic loci between anorexia nervosa and  cardiometabolic traits suggest shared biological mechanisms.
4191. Downregulation of Nrf2 and upregulation of TXNIP/NLRP3 signaling Induce  postoperative cognitive dysfunction via oxidative stress and pyroptosis in the  hippocampus.
4192. Fatty acid amide hydrolase (FAAH) inhibitor reduces persistent inflammatory pain  in mice depending on μ- and δ-opioid receptors activity: Involvement of heme  oxygenase-1.
4193. Gene expression in synthetic biology: Going with the light.
4194. The Applause Trap: the hidden driver of burnout in medicine and how to reclaim  ourselves.
4195. Post-pandemic surge in invasive group A Streptococcus infections: A  hospital-based active surveillance study in Okinawa, Japan.
4196. Spectral change or Jensen gap? Log-ratio baseline correction for time-frequency  M/EEG is negatively biased.
4197. Thalamic 5-HT(2A) receptor activation reduces GABA uptake, increases tonic  GABA(A) inhibition and induces absence seizures in Wistar rats.
4198. The Hill coefficient as Fisher information: An information-theoretic identity  for allosteric cooperativity.
4199. Network pharmacology-based investigation and in vitro validation of the  endothelial protective mechanisms of GZFLW against cerebral ischemia/reperfusion  injury.
4200. Response to DellaPergola and Zlochin.
4201. Association of somatosensory evoked potentials with cervical spinal cord atrophy  and disability progression in multiple sclerosis.
4202. OMERACT- determining a core domain set for Sjögren's disease: International  focus group series.
4203. Silicon recycling from cutting waste and end-of-life photovoltaic modules: a  review of current status and future directions.
4204. Sarcopenia and body composition abnormalities in chronic pancreatitis:  Pathophysiology, assessment, and clinical impact.
4205. Whole goat milk versus cow milk formula and atopic dermatitis in infants: A  randomized clinical trial.
4206. Triple synergy by one-step reductive smelting separation for full utilization of  vanadium extraction tailings: Detoxification, Fe-Cr-V wear-resistant alloy  preparation and co-production of Ti-rich residue.
4207. Discovery of a borylated aza-arene chemotype as a direct HSF1 inhibitor  targeting the DNA-binding domain.
4208. Local vitamin D(3) bioactivation in oral tissue, from inactive to influential: A  narrative review.
4209. Surgical unit volume and recurrence after open groin hernia mesh repair: A  nationwide register-based cohort study.
4210. Case-mix-adjusted benchmarking of long-term breast cancer-specific mortality:  Insights from a nationwide Swedish registry.
4211. Machine learning-based prediction of early invasive mechanical ventilation in  ICU patients with pneumonia: Development and external validation.
4212. Long-term effectiveness, safety, and cost-effectiveness of intravenous  immunoglobulin for generalized myasthenia gravis in an era of molecular targeted  drugs: Insights from Japanese post-marketing surveillance.
4213. From surface to signal: Clinical pathways for transition metal  dichalcogenide-based electrochemical biosensors.
4214. Real-world evidence from a prospective longitudinal cohort study assessing  changes in smoking behavior among adults using NJOY ACE tobacco and menthol ENDS  products.
4215. CRISPR screen identifies MAP2K3 as a key target for oleuropein to alleviate  deoxynivalenol-induced hepatic injury.
4216. Ergothioneine alleviates hepatic steatosis by modulating PCYT2 to restore the  phosphatidylethanolamine-ACOT8 homeostasis.
4217. Heterologous expression and enzymatic properties of the urate oxidase gene from  Aspergillus cristatus.
4218. Validity of the Polar H10 for heart rate variability and cardiac autonomic  reflex tests.
4219. B cell receptor signaling promotes endogenous retrovirus-associated  lymphomagenesis in T-cell-deficient B6-Ly5.1 mice.
4220. Antibiofilm efficacy of zwitterionic 2-methacryloloxyethyl phosphorylcholine  (MPC) polymer coatings against Vibrio fischeri.
4221. Challenges of uranium determination in biological samples as a nuclear forensics  tool.
4222. Reconfiguring brain networks via lightweight dynamic connectivity framework: An  EEG-based stress validation.
4223. Reply to: "On interpreting treatment hierarchy following ischemic stroke in  patients with atrial fibrillation and atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease".
4224. Modulation of neuroendocrine and autonomic responses to competitive stress by  slow cortical potentials training in golfers: An exploratory randomized  controlled trial.
4225. Effects of Smoothened Agonist Exposure on Murine Craniofacial Development.
4226. The interplay between attentional control and language task schemas: Progressive  adaptation of attentional control in interpreting.
4227. You again? 14-month-olds show neural signatures of lexical-semantic activation  for novel instead of familiar voices.
4228. Survival and Toxicity in Elderly Patients Treated With Chemoradiotherapy for  Head and Neck Cancer: A Retrospective Study at a Large Quaternary Centre.
4229. A pyranopyrazole-rhodamine chemosensor for selective Pb(2+) detection: dual  colorimetric-fluorescent sensing and mechanistic insights.
4230. Micellization-controlled self-assembly of ZnPc(SO₂Cl)₄ in aqueous media:  spectroscopic, dynamic light scattering, and DFT insights into  surfactant-induced aggregation.
4231. 2-tert-Butyl-1,4-benzoquinone eliminated by amino acids: Reaction kinetics,  mechanism, and potential cytotoxicity assessment of the adducts.
4232. Interleukin-8 and extracellular vesicles spread senescence in  Lymphangioleiomyomatosis microenvironment.
4233. Internet image search for musculoskeletal neoplasms: do results return the  correct MR sequences?
4234. Natural Compared With Artificial Cycle Endometrial Preparation for Frozen Embryo  Transfer: A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis.
4235. Editor's Spotlight/Take 5: How Does Traumatic Hand Injury Impact Patients in a  Safety-net Healthcare System? A Mixed Methods Study.
4236. Expectations and Utilization of Paternity Leave Among Male Partners in a  Postpartum Public Hospital Setting in Los Angeles, California.
4237. Racialized and Gendered Narratives for Middle-Aged African American Men as a  Facilitator and Inhibitor for Self-Care Norms.
4238. Associations of atherogenic index of plasma related indices with subclinical  carotid atherosclerosis.
4239. Disruption of polycystin-1 cleavage impairs mitochondrial bioenergetics and  calcium uptake in a substrate-dependent manner.
4240. Morality cut both ways: The role of cognition and emotion in attitude  moralization and demoralization.
4241. Exploring the ROS-Related Therapeutic Mechanism of Bushen Huoxue Decoction in  Postmenopausal Osteoporosis through Transcriptomics and Network Pharmacology.
4242. Induced Pluripotent Stem Cells and the Future of Male Infertility: A  Translational Perspective.
4243. Effectiveness, Sex Differences, and Patient Experience in Real-World Use of  Long-Acting Cabotegravir and Rilpivirine: Results from a Prospective Study.
4244. Laminin α5 and integrins α3 and α6 coordinately regulate collective cell  migration in vivo.
4245. Complex Regional Pain Syndrome after Surgery.
4246. Long-term Effect of C-Peptide Level on Clinical Outcomes in the Scottish Type 1  Bioresource Cohort.
4247. Breast implant-associated anaplastic large cell lymphoma following prophylactic  mastectomy & breast reconstruction: a case report.
4248. Tourette syndrome: brain neurophysiology, circuit dysfunction, and  neuromodulation across invasive and noninvasive approaches.
4249. Weight loss and antihypertensive de-escalation in type 2 diabetes: accounting  for concurrent withdrawal of cardiometabolic agents.
4250. Dystonia: from phenotypes to genetics and therapeutic advances.
4251. Thank you, Larry Saidman.
4252. Appraisal of international, patient-facing resources on heavy menstrual  bleeding.
4253. Impact of high body mass index on health state utilities: a time trade-off study  in the general population of Japan.
4254. NMR detects clustering and ultra-weak excipient interactions governing  monoclonal antibody viscosity in formulation-relevant conditions.
4255. Prediction of molecular targets for zedoary turmeric oil in inhibiting  proliferation and inducing apoptosis in non‑small cell lung cancer.
4256. Withaferin A, a candidate drug for lupus nephritis, confers renal protection via  Pon1‑mediated attenuation of oxidative stress.
4257. Strontium‑based metal‑organic framework/alendronate‑silk fibroin hydrogels  promote tendon‑bone interface healing.
4258. A cross-sectional survey of general practitioners' influenza vaccination  willingness and influencing factors based on the reasoned action approach.
4259. Gynecological and Obstetrical Issues Experienced by Women Diagnosed with  Myotonic Dystrophy Type 1: A Scoping Review.
4260. Editorial: Inflammatory Bowel Disease Care Pathways-Improving Quality, but Not  at Increased Cost. Authors' Reply.
4261. Comparative efficacy of stereotactic body radiotherapy and percutaneous  radiofrequency ablation for oligometastatic liver disease-radiation oncologists'  perspective and practice guideline.
4262. Membrane vesicles associated antimicrobial peptides from PGPR Priestia  megaterium VIT-2021 confer in silico efficacy against Pseudomonas syringae  virulence protein.
4263. Combination therapy with a novel CD2-targeted costimulatory bispecific antibody  overcomes limitations of CD3 T cell engager treatment for solid tumors.
4264. Trial design and end points in hepatocellular carcinoma: an EASL-AASLD-ILCA  consensus statement.
4265. Corrigendum to "Investigation of commonly used assessment methods for predicting  fall risk in the elderly" [Exp. Gerontol. 206 (2025) 112784].
4266. Perioperative discontinuation of SGLT2-inhibitors and cardiac complications  after noncardiac surgery: secondary analysis of two prospective observational  cohort studies.
4267. Corrigendum to 'Russian blues reveal the limits of language influencing colour  discrimination' [Cognition 201, August 2020, 104281].
4268. Corrigendum to "Tongfu-Xingshen capsule ameliorates ischemic stroke by  inhibiting pyroptosis-mediated neuroinflammation" [J. Ethnopharmacol. 366 (2026)  121565].
4269. Corrigendum to "Naoxinqing tablet protects against cerebral ischemic/reperfusion  injury by regulating ampkα/NAMPT/SIRT1/PGC-1α pathway" [J. Ethnopharmacol. 322  (2024) 117672].
4270. Modeling the effect of temperature and macronutrient composition on water  activity and the influence on thermal resistance of Salmonella.
4271. Effect of cold plasma treatment on the allergenicity of hazelnut proteins in a  BALB/c mouse model.
4272. Hypoxia-induced downregulation of cAMP drives Ganoderic acid biosynthesis and  restricts biofilm development in Ganoderma lucidum.
4273. Artificial intelligence for plant-based meat alternatives: Pathways to a  sustainable future.
4274. Lactobacillus reduction drives oxidative gut-liver adverse effects of  heterogeneous aggregates polylactic acid nanoplastics and silica nanoparticles.
4275. From scalable manufacturing to portable instrumentation: Integrated microfluidic  systems for on-site food hazard analysis.
4276. Bioinspired artificial lipase with engineered hydrophilic microenvironment for  oriented substrate binding and structured lipids preparation.
4277. Green antimicrobial intervention during pre-cooling: ultrasound-enhanced lactic  acid improves chicken meat quality - insights from molecular dynamics and  volatile profiling.
4278. Gamma irradiation- induced zearalenone reduction in pearl millet and finger  millet: cytotoxicity assessment and quality attributes.
4279. Perceptual patterns and mechanistic pathways of saltiness perception as a  function of varying salt particle size.
4280. Metabolomics combined with machine learning reveals candidate metabolites and a  putative working network associated with cereulide production in emetic Bacillus  cereus.
4281. Temperature-responsive gelatin-based composite hydrogel pads with smart  controlled phage release for intelligent antimicrobial packaging in chicken  preservation.
4282. Processing methods modulate the multi-scale digestive behavior of shrimp:  protein degradation and peptide release.
4283. Metabolomics reveals the chemical basis of quality formation in GABA-enriched  fermented green tea by lactic acid bacteria.
4284. Pangenome-based interpretable machine learning framework for predicting  antimicrobial resistance in foodborne Escherichia coli.
4285. Key aroma-active compounds and machine learning classification of chestnut  baijiu revealed by molecular sensory, docking, and pathway analyses.
4286. Glucose glycosylation enhances the functional properties of grass carp scale  gelatin-derived TIPs via gut microbiota and metabolite regulation.
4287. Soy milk fermented by Bacillus subtilis SP-8-5 and Lactiplantibacillus plantarum  4_3 exhibits sedative-hypnotic ability in vivo.
4288. Thermal response of single species and interaction between Gymnodinium impudicum  and Heterocapsa pygmaea: Implications for harmful algal bloom dynamics.
4289. Low-dose high-efficiency sedimentation of bloom-forming cyanobacterium  Raphidiopsis raciborskii using modified clays.
4290. Associations of prenatal PFAS exposure with offspring neurobehavioral outcomes  by maternal folate supplementation and cord blood 5-MTHF levels: a prospective  birth cohort study.
4291. Function identification of nitrogen forms in nitrogen-doped biochar for  promoting methane production in anaerobic digestion.
4292. Whole genome sequencing reveals the phylogenetic relationships and reticulate  evolution of Phrynocephalus lizards in Eurasia.
4293. Hepatokines lipocalin 2 and osteopontin drive muscle atrophy in MASH.
4294. Mechanical stress attenuates the metabolic reprogramming and M1 polarization of  macrophages by upregulating integrin subunit alpha D.
4295. Juvenile hormone-regulated ribosomal protein DcRPS25 Mediates tolerance to  Huanglongbing pathogen in the Vector Diaphorinacitri.
4296. Systemic characterization of aging-related phenotypes induced by wild-type and  G2019S LRRK2 in Caenorhabditis elegans.
4297. Genomics of dendritic cell pyruvate metabolism reveals stage-associated  circulating immune signatures in diabetic retinopathy.
4298. Immune responses and cross-protection elicited by parasitic versus free-living  ciliate vaccines in koi carp (Cyprinus carpio).
4299. Oral immunization of Nile tilapia with Chlorella-bioencapsulated multi-epitope  fusion antigen effectively protects against Streptococcus agalactiae infection.
4300. Unmeasured air pollution, adiposity measurement, and life-stage transitions in  the HABITAT built environment-BMI analysis.
4301. ADMCs-derived exosomal vesicles encapsulated with rifampicin to attenuate  Klebsiella pneumonia-induced pediatric lung inflammation: In-vitro and In vivo  studies.
4302. Isolation and characterization of a Staphylococcus aureus-lytic jumbo phage LY01  and its local therapeutic efficacy in a porcine dermatitis model.
4303. Effect of body composition on initial teicoplanin dosing and optimization of the  regimen.
4304. Sound hypersensitivity phenotypes and sound hypersensitivity disorder.
4305. Global prevalence and disability burden of brain disorders: Impact of  neurological, mental, and substance use disorders.
4306. Lactiplantibacillus plantarum LP15-1 alleviates deoxynivalenol-induced  intestinal injury in mice by inhibiting ferroptosis and modulating the gut  microbiota.
4307. Universal syphilis screening for pregnant patients admitted to labor and  delivery-a quality improvement initiative.
4308. The germline MLH1 c.2054 C>T mutation disrupts DNA mismatch repair and is  detectable by digital PCR.
4309. Development of a high-throughput TR-FRET assay for identification of small  molecule inhibitors of the LILRB4 (ILT3)-SCG2 immune checkpoint interaction.
4310. JAK2 degradation by strebloside dismantles PD-L1-mediated immune evasion in  EBV-associated gastric cancer.
4311. Impact of aerosol acidity on the heterogeneous chemistry of halogenated phenols.
4312. Emission characteristics, source profiles and associated environmental impacts  of volatile organic compounds (VOCs) from a typical oilfield centralized  processing plant in Southern Xinjiang, China.
4313. Multiple drivers of leaf litter decomposition under salinity stress.
4314. Silencing of USP22 promotes FGF11 degradation to attenuates renal fibrosis in  diabetic kidney disease.
4315. A Fasting-Mimicking Diet Affects the Inflammatory Response Following Periodontal  Treatment: A Multi-centre Feasibility Randomised Controlled Pilot Trial.
4316. Discovery of a novel cinnamoyl piperazinyl alepterolic acid hybrid as a TrxR1  inhibitor for inducing ROS/ER stress-mediated apoptosis in breast cancer.
4317. Isoginkgetin stabilizes atherosclerotic plaques by targeting NR4A2 to modulate  the PPAR signaling pathway and reprogram ceramide metabolism, thereby inhibiting  vascular smooth muscle cell phenotypic transformation.
4318. Involvement of monocyte/macrophage NLRP3-IL-1β signaling in the pathogenesis of  myasthenia gravis.
4319. Length of maxillomandibular discrepancy may not predict tongue base airway  obstruction severity among infants with Robin Sequence.
4320. Enhanced spin thermoelectric response in half-metallic CoTiTe: Material for  spintronic and spin-caloritronic applications.
4321. Amending soil with leonardite decreases ciprofloxacin uptake and improves  rhizosphere properties of leek (Allium ampeloprasum L.).
4322. Effects of bisphenol E on thyroid hormone system and developmental  neurotoxicity-sensitive endpoints in zebrafish embryos - a new approach  methodologies-based evaluation.
4323. Occurrence and toxicological assessment of PCDD/Fs and PCBs in loggerhead turtle  eggs undergoing climate-induced nesting expansion in the southern Tyrrhenian  Sea.
4324. An electrochemical index approach to assess the antioxidant capacity of olive  oils extracts using a Sonogel-Carbon electrode.
4325. Utilization of natural product for developing promising sterol biosynthesis  inhibitors: design, synthesis and antifungal evaluation of cyclic trialkylamine  derivatives.
4326. Recent progress of PROTACs in cancer immunotherapy.
4327. Modeling of viral aggregation and its impact on chlorine disinfection efficacy.
4328. Self-powered rewritable visual indicator for cumulative ionic exposure via  hydrovoltaic-Electrophoretic coupling.
4329. Construction of an amplification-free dual-mode sensor based on  CRISPR/Cas12a-mediated and dual-mode integrated reporter FU for ultrasensitive  detection of non-nucleic acid target deoxynivalenol.
4330. From rhythms to meaning: Longitudinal evidence on multimodal precursors of early  gestures and language development.
4331. Effect of frozen storage period and temperature on the physicochemical and  microbiological quality of veal.
4332. Pork meat quality profile from pigs originating from two different production  streams with and without antibiotics administered at weaning.
4333. Influence of whey isolate protein emulsion gels substitution ratio on  structural, sensory and rheological properties of chicken paste and its  suitability for 3D printing.
4334. Insights into the potential contribution of glycosidic aroma precursors to the  aroma and sensory profile of icewines.
4335. Stable and reliable method for simultaneous quantification of five neonicotinoid  residues in plant-derived foods.
4336. Electrostatic effect and spatial conformation regulating interfacial stability  and digestion of shrimp myofibrillar protein-fish oil oleogel emulsions.
4337. Structure and gene cluster of the K166 capsular polysaccharide from  Acinetobacter baumannii MAR 21-5059.
4338. Effect of green mediterranean diet on serum folate and its interaction with  genetic variation in folate metabolism: The DIRECT PLUS 18-month dietary  randomized controlled trial.
4339. Frequency-specific and level-dependent alteration in cochlear nucleus following  prolonged moderate noise exposure.
4340. Mn(II) MRI contrast agents supported by unsymmetric pyridinophane-picolinate  ligands.
4341. An integrated immunogenetic network architecture linking antigen processing and  innate immune activation in Ankylosing Spondylitis.
4342. Biomechanical evaluation of transition rods and sublaminar hooks for proximal  junctional kyphosis prevention: A finite element study.
4343. Suspected autoimmune cerebellar ataxia: Predictors of immunotherapy response and  diagnosis reclassification to neurodegenerative disease.
4344. Comment on "impact of blood viscosity on wake-up stroke: Analysis stratified by  age and stroke subtype".
4345. Letter to the Editor: Esketamine in treatment-resistant depression: Beyond  symptom reduction toward psychopathological network reorganization.
4346. Quantitative detection of cadmium pollution in lettuce leaves under selenium  influence via fluorescence hyperspectral imaging.
4347. From traditional medicine to advanced sensing: A natural Fraxin-based  supramolecular probe for visual pH detection and in vivo gastrointestinal  imaging.
4348. Light-switchable dual-functional enzyme-like activity of ultrasmall Pt  nanoclusters.
4349. NLRs and preeclampsia: Advances in etiology, pathogenesis, and therapeutic  targeting, highlighting NLRP3.
4350. What outcomes can be expected after surgical treatment of primary pelvic bone  sarcomas in children at referral centers?
4351. Comprehensive metabolic profiling of Dictamni Cortex in normal and rheumatoid  arthritis rats using UHPLC-Q/TOF-MS/MS coupled with polygonal mass defect  filtering.
4352. Microbial-driven nitrogen cycle in coastal wetlands: Biodiversity, threats, and  restoration strategies.
4353. Persistence and dynamics of antibiotic resistome in a drinking water supply  system with booster chlorination.
4354. Temperature-dependent migration and cumulative risk assessment of heavy metals  in Zisha ware, a traditional purple clay product from China.
4355. Amino acid functionalization-induced dipole regulation suppresses carrier decay  in perylene diimide to enhance photocatalytic activity.
4356. Synergistic nZVI-biochar and biofilm remediation of thiamethoxam at soil-water  interfaces.
4357. Construction of a synthetic microbial consortium for bifenthrin biodegradation  via cooperative metabolism and microenvironment modulation.
4358. Nationwide dynamic monitoring and hazardous emission quantification of crop  residue burning in China: A Fengyun satellite-integrated active-fire fusion  approach.
4359. Fe(2+)/O(2)-based advanced oxidation process coupled with air sparging/  circulation well for in-situ groundwater remediation: Synergistic technologies  construction and feasibility assessment.
4360. Silver-based compounds in dentistry: Multifaceted applications, cellular  antibacterial mechanisms, and safety considerations.
4361. Identifying candidate core domains for clinical trials in systemic  sclerosis-associated Raynaud's phenomenon and digital ulcers.
4362. The circularity of textile waste: A systematic literature review on  environmental methodologies and knowledge gaps.
4363. Efficacy and safety of hepatectomy in hepatitis B-related hepatocellular  carcinoma with compensated versus recompensated cirrhosis: A propensity score  matching study.
4364. Staged Buried Oral Mucosal Strip Urethroplasty for Long-Segment Post-Hypospadias  Urethral Strictures: Achieving Functional Recovery and Distal Meatal  Preservation.
4365. Random in-plane translational stacking faults in the van der Waals superlattice  Ba(6)Nb(11)Se(28).
4366. Analgesic effect of premixed nitrous oxide in postoperative rehabilitation for  ankle fractures: a randomized controlled trial.
4367. Acceptance of the respiratory syncytial virus infant monoclonal antibody  nirsevimab among post-partum women in Italy.
4368. Meaningful efficacy measures and trial endpoints in patients with advanced  melanoma being considered for adjuvant systemic therapy: a prospective patient  survey study.
4369. Freebirth and professional responsibility: Respect for autonomy does not justify  clinical neutrality on preventable fetal and neonatal harm.
4370. Clinical Use of Inhibin B in Male Adolescent Childhood Cancer Survivors:  Correlation With Cyclophosphamide Equivalent Dosing.
4371. Head-to-Head Comparative Evaluation of Four Commercially Available Artificial  Intelligence Systems for Detecting Referable Diabetic Retinopathy in a Tanzanian  Population.
4372. The C-type lectin AcCTL5 from Apis cerana mediates anti-Nosema ceranae defense  via agglutination and hemolymph melanization.
4373. Polygenic Risk for Insomnia in Relation to Sleep Disturbance and Psychiatric  Characteristics in Youth with Mood Disorders.
4374. Exploring the mechanism of differential responses to combination therapy in  melasma: pigmentary versus mixed pigmentary-vascular types-a clinical study  based on interaction analysis.
4375. How is EMDR best conducted and adapted for trauma-focused work within bipolar  disorder? A Delphi study.
4376. A Physics-Informed neural network (PINN) for parameter identification in  analytical ultracentrifugation (AUC) analysis.
4377. Fear of reinjury is associated with failure to return to preinjury level of  activity after operative repair of ankle fractures.
4378. Computational modeling of tyrosine hydroxylase pathway for dopamine synthesis in  nerve cells: effect of tetrahydrobiopterin deficiency and oxidative stress.
4379. Memristor-based neuromorphic circuit for visual emotional non-associative  learning.
4380. Latent trajectories of PTSD over 12 months following road trauma and their  association with recovery trajectories.
4381. Undiagnosed Thoracic Aortic Aneurysms: Prevalence, Risk Factors, Screening  Modalities.
4382. CXCL13-expressing CD4(+) T cells coordinate the lymphocytes triad to promote the  anti-tumor immunity in NSCLC.
4383. Correction to 'Methods for Assessing and Measuring Tooth Wear-Applications in  Clinical Research and a Comparison of the Basic Erosive Wear Examination, Tooth  Wear Index and Tooth Wear Evaluation System Version 2.0'.
4384. The cost of a meal: an ancestral plant strategy turns fatty acids into weapons  against insect herbivores.
4385. MAGPIE study author's reply.
4386. Are pediatric central nervous system tumors on the rise in France? A  population-based 21-year retrospective study.
4387. Corrigendum to "Investigating the shared factor structure of the GAD-7 and PHQ-9  in non-clinical samples of young adults" [J. Affect. Disord. (2026) 121456].
4388. Corrigendum to "global prevalence of anxiety, depression and stress in women  with breast cancer: A systematic review and meta-analysis" [J. Affect. Disord.  (2026) 1-21/ 121,541].
4389. Shuangpi formula treats neutrophilic asthma via circadian-mediated  anti-inflammatory mechanisms.
4390. Rexiao Kuining decoction ameliorates ulcerative colitis by restoring immune  homeostasis via the protein kinase C alpha-FMS-like tyrosine kinase 3 ligand  axis: multi-omics evidence.
4391. Glehnia littoralis and imperatorin attenuate allergic airway inflammation via  mast cell stabilization and transcriptome-defined suppression of  FcεRI/TLR-MAPK/NF-κB signaling.
4392. Straw biochar modulates manganese/cadmium enrichment in paddy algae under  simulated warming: Combined experimental and modeling study.
4393. Consensus sequence engineering of potato patatin: Enhancing recombinant  production and functional properties.
4394. Continuous backwash media filtration for advanced primary treatment and resource  recovery from wastewater.
4395. Denitrifying glycogen-accumulating organism enrichment in algal-bacterial  granular sludge: rapid granulation and coupled partial nitrification, endogenous  denitrification and phosphorus removal.
4396. Ammonia nitrogen recovery from biogas slurry via integrated electrochemical  ammonia stripping with calcium-based absorption and its product application  potential.
4397. Magnetic modified and Fe/Zn modified biochar enhanced removal of polystyrene  microplastics in constructed wetlands: Performance and mechanism insights.
4398. Reproducible social phenotyping of 5xFAD mice in the Agora maze (Sociobox).
4399. Association of glycemic control with arterial stiffness and hemodynamic function  in type 2 diabetes mellitus.
4400. Environmental ubiquity but limited host taxonomic distribution of co-occurring  metal(loid)-resistance genes and persistent organic pollutant-transformation  genes in global inland waters.
4401. Synergistic formation of secondary organic aerosols at an urban-forested  interface: The role of anthropogenic oxidants in biogenic precursor oxidation.
4402. BMSC-derived exosomal miR-27a-3p ameliorates osteoarthritis via dual regulation  of chondrocyte protection and macrophage M1 polarization through TXNIP/NLRP3  signaling.
4403. Pregnancy placental syndromes and the effects on long-term health.
4404. The m(6)A reader YTHDF1 modulates adipocyte mitochondrial remodeling and  diet-induced adiposity through translational control of NOD1.
4405. CRTAC1 in extracellular matrix remodeling and calcium signaling: Implications  for disease and biomarker development.
4406. Breakfast skipping induces massive rhythmic hypercholesterolemia by hepatic  circadian clock and lipid metabolism abnormalities in rats fed a western diet.
4407. Host interaction of tumor necrosis factor receptors encoded by Carassius auratus  herpesvirus.
4408. Honokiol enhances the antibacterial efficacy of doxycycline against Vibrio  parahaemolyticus by membrane disruption and confers protective efficacy in  Pacific white shrimp (Penaeus vannamei).
4409. Resting-state functional connectome correlates of suicide attempt history and  childhood trauma in major depressive disorder.
4410. Interactive tele-mental health interventions for maternal depression across  perinatal stages: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
4411. Reductive stress in myocardial Ischemia: Mechanisms, pathophysiology, and  therapeutic perspectives.
4412. Overexpression of transcription factor genes VvbHLH and VvCBF from Volvariella  volvacea (bull.) singer enhances environmental stress tolerance and insecticidal  toxicity of Beauveria bassiana.
4413. Call for papers: agentic AI for real-world evidence life cycle support - scaling  trustworthy evaluation of treatment safety and effectiveness.
4414. Brain entangled quantum states in radical pairs: a possible link to  consciousness.
4415. Growth mode-dependent proteomic responses of Bacillus subtilis to cerium oxide  nanoparticles: Pellicle biofilm versus swarming.
4416. CAD drives Angiotensin II-induced vascular smooth muscle cell activation via  upregulation of pyrimidine biosynthesis and rRNA synthesis.
4417. Climatic and industrial controls on heavy metal pollution in urban street dust:  Insights from magnetic signatures in two megacities.
4418. Integrated physicochemical and microbial analyses reveal redox-driven microbial  community structure in a polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-polluted subsurface.
4419. Molecular mechanism of MAFB transcriptional activation of PPARD in regulating  adipose browning and protecting against vascular endothelial cell injury.
4420. A comprehensive study on molecular features, immunological expressions, and  redox-regulatory functions of glutaredoxin 3 from chub mackerel (Scomber  japonicus).
4421. Curcusone D improves metabolic dysfunction associated steatotic liver disease  via activation of the AMPK signaling.
4422. Intravitreal nintedanib attenuates proliferative vitreoretinopathy in a mouse  model: Efficacy, safety, and mechanistic insights.
4423. Enhanced anaerobic biodegradation of 17α-ethinylestradiol via a flow-through  electrode.
4424. Operational characteristics and life cycle assessment of full-scale bioaugmented  coking wastewater treatment system: Case study in Yunnan, China.
4425. An emerging therapeutic strategy for major depressive disorder: targeting the  protein-protein interactions.
4426. Site-specific enrichment of highly sialylated N-glycans in an  erythropoietin-hybrid Fc fusion protein.
4427. Preparation and performance evaluation of a novel Tween 80-based microemulsion  system for the remediation of petroleum hydrocarbon-contaminated soil using soil  washing test.
4428. Green-synthesized Punica granatum-mediated silver nanoparticles mitigate  environmental endotoxin-induced cardiovascular oxidative inflammation in rats.
4429. Dynamics of glyphosate and its metabolite AMPA in the South American black  bumblebee Bombus pauloensis inhabiting areas with contrasting land uses.
4430. Biopolymeric advanced hydrogel systems with special reference to pectin for  targeted colonic drug delivery: A review.
4431. Physiological responses and clinical associations of the one-minute sit-to-stand  test and the six-minute walk test in systemic sclerosis.
4432. Clinical significance of incidental pericardial late gadolinium enhancement on  cardiac magnetic resonance.
4433. A scoping review on aging and cardiovascular diseases - Molecular mediators and  artificial intelligence-based advanced diagnostic methods.
4434. A Retrieval-Augmented Natural Language Interface for Data Description and  Meta-Analysis in the Pathogens-in-Foods (PIF) Database.
4435. Absence of EOGT precludes defective development in fringe-null mouse intestine.
4436. Neuroprotective effects of aqueous extract of Pterocarpus mildbraedii Harms. on  some biochemical markers in Alzheimer's disease using an AlCl(3)-induced rat  model: Integrated ADMET, network pharmacology, molecular docking, and in vivo  experimental validation.
4437. StatLI: A novel statistical approach to the laterality index for task-based  fMRI.
4438. Betaine induces ferroptotic stress by enhancing KEAP1-mediated NRF2 degradation  in breast cancer cells.
4439. WTAP-mediated m6A modification of UBE2K drives the malignant progression of  gastric cancer.
4440. Is cyberhate victimization associated with suicidality and somatization in  adolescence? Evidence from a four-wave longitudinal study.
4441. Deciphering the potential molecular links between ochratoxin A and colorectal  cancer: an integrated computational toxicological and single-cell transcriptomic  study.
4442. Natural product-based Ebola virus entry inhibitors targeting the viral  glycoprotein: A combined computational and experimental study.
4443. A universal RdRp-targeted primer set for broad, non-specific detection of  Quinvirinae and other Betaflexiviridae infecting stone fruits.
4444. Development of a quantum dot-based immunochromatographic test strip for rapid  detection of infectious bursal disease virus.
4445. Characterization and functional analysis of FruR in Streptomyces lincolnensis: A  pleiotropic regulator that links fructose metabolism to lincomycin biosynthesis.
4446. GPR84 blockade in macrophages mitigates sepsis-induced liver injury via  PPARα-driven metabolic reprogramming and M2 polarization.
4447. Production of exopolysaccharides from Lactobacillus species and optimization of  physiochemical parameters by response surface methodology.
4448. Retraction notice to "Biosorption and adsorption isotherm of chromium (VI) ions  in aqueous solution using soil bacteria Bacillus amyloliquefaciens" [Environ.  Res. 212 (2022) 113310].
4449. Corrigendum to "Short-term exposure to ambient air pollutants and Herpes zoster  risk: a nationwide case-crossover analysis" [Environ. Res. 2026, 124782].
4450. GSTF10 acts downstream of FERONIA to inhibit pollen germination and tube  elongation.
4451. Gelation properties and swallowing characteristics of chia seed gum/fish gelatin  composite gels as dysphagia management.
4452. Tapioca starch-yeast protein 3D printing system for dysphagia: Different  hydrocolloids regulate viscoelasticity and 3D printing accuracy through  molecular interactions.
4453. Synergistic fermentation of Lactiplantibacillus plantarum 40 and 42 regulates  browning in soybean paste and its mechanistic analysis.
4454. Organic acid optimization for the fabrication of centimeter-scale uniaxially  aligned capillary networks in cell-laden collagen fiber assemblies.
4455. KIF11 drives ovarian cancer progression and cisplatin resistance via the  Wnt/β-catenin signaling pathway.
4456. Virtual reality-based mindfulness interventions on employees' well-being within  organizational contexts: A scoping review.
4457. Biomolecular "lock-key" model-inspired cage/benzene ring structure  chain-extension matching strategy for high performance of linear waterborne  polyurethane toward application in recyclable soft robotics.
4458. A novel cascade enzyme/fenton reaction approach for enhanced chemodynamic and  starvation therapy.
4459. Design, synthesis, and biological evaluation of a potent and selective AURKB  degrader.
4460. Mycobacterial HBHA drives mitochondrial damage-mediated apoptosis via inhibiting  mitophagy in macrophages.
4461. Chitin and its derivative chitosan differently activate porcine innate immune  cells.
4462. Smartphone-assisted colorimetric sensor array based on trimetallic FeMnZn-NC  nanozyme for the pattern recognition of antioxidants in fruit.
4463. Association between malnutrition and frailty and postoperative mortality in  older surgical patients.
4464. Dihydrotanshinone I inhibits PHGDH to suppress serine synthesis and remodel TME  in NSCLC.
4465. Corrigendum to "Positive coping enhances children's emotional wellness via  neuroendocrine modulation of cortisol awakening response and hippocampal  circuitry" [Psychoneuroendocrinology 188 (2026) 107842].
4466. Microplastics identification framework: Integration of microplastic-derived  dissolved organic matter fingerprints and machine learning.
4467. Precisely regulating the microenvironment towards robust active site for  antibiotics degradation via Fenton-like reaction.
4468. Fifty years of riverine harmful algal bloom modeling: A global synthesis of  approaches, challenges, and opportunities.
4469. A bivariate copula-wavelet analysis approach for quantifying compound  runoff-sediment risks under cascade reservoirs.
4470. Organic sulfur metabolism drives volatile sulfur compound generation during  wastewater treatment plant sludge thickening.
4471. Mechanism of injury not associated with acute compartment syndrome in Tibia  fractures.
4472. Psychological outlook and recovery after orthopaedic trauma: Evidence and  implications for Central India and other low-resource settings.
4473. Satisfaction with nursing care among Jordanian burn patients admitted to burn  critical care units: A cross-sectional study.
4474. Responsive NIR fluorescent probes targeting PKM2 with enzyme-activating  properties for precision cancer diagnosis.
4475. Catalytic/fluorescent multifunctional nanostructures-based hydrogel suit for  highly sensitive sensing of chlorpyrifos.
4476. The microbially induced galvanic corrosion mechanism of AZ63 alloy-P110 steel  couples in the presence of sulfate-reducing bacteria.
4477. Beyond the digester: facility-wide greenhouse gas and pollutant emissions and  energy performance of hybrid anaerobic-aerobic organic waste composting.
4478. The skin microbiome as a key regulator of psoriasis: From dysbiotic drivers to  host-directed therapeutics.
4479. Bifidobacterium pseudolongum alleviates chronic intermittent hypoxia-induced  cognitive impairment by restoring acetate metabolism and suppressing hippocampal  neuroinflammation and neuronal PANoptosis.
4480. Menopause in context: Embedded socioeconomic conditions and emerging challenges.
4481. Early-event pathways to 6-month death or dependency after ischemic stroke:  Secondary analysis of the international stroke trial.
4482. Dynamic symptom-burden trajectories and cross-lagged symptom networks after  oesophagectomy: A multicentre longitudinal study.
4483. Data-driven insights into real-world N(2)O emissions across conventional and  hybrid vehicles: Transient impacts and driving factor identification.
4484. A triplex-readout CRISPR-Cas12a multimodal biosensing platform for point-of-care  detection of avian influenza H5N1.
4485. Mode transition and fragmentation behavior of ash-catalyzed soot oxidation in  gasoline particulate filters.
4486. Novel (Z)-3-(2-(quinazolin-4-yloxy)phenyl)acrylates as potential EGFR inhibitors  deriving from the renovation of coumarin skeletons: Design, synthesis,  characterization and antineoplastic activity.
4487. Accelerometry-derived physical activity following Achilles tendon rupture: A  prospective cohort study.
4488. Ischemic preconditioning alters gait mechanics in older adults with knee  osteoarthritis.
4489. Beyond the gene: isoform diversity as a key contributor to human brain  disorders.
4490. Morphology engineering of vertically aligned carbon nanotubes for enhanced  photoacoustic emission.
4491. Volumetric ultrasound via 3D Null Subtraction Imaging with matrix array.
4492. Mobile health (mHealth) applications for community health workers in low- and  middle-income countries: A scoping review.
4493. Age-stratified risk profiles for emergency colorectal cancer resection: A  machine-learning analysis.
4494. Neuropathic pain in multiple sclerosis: discrepancies between DN4 screening and  neurophysiological measures.
4495. The importance of quality assurance in colposcopy in the elimination of cervical  cancer: A position paper by the European Federation for Colposcopy.
4496. Agreement between expert gynecologists and ChatGPT in the management of  suspected retained products of conception.
4497. Sea fan neovascularization in ischemic retinopathy as the initial manifestation  of antiphospholipid syndrome.
4498. Brief cognitive behavioral therapy for chronic pain rapidly improves pain  interference: a randomized controlled trial.
4499. Lanthionine synthetase C-like protein 1 (LanCL1): a therapeutic target for  neuropathic pain.
4500. Impact of SARS-CoV-2 infection history on the clinical features and outcomes of  patients with recurrent pulmonary tuberculosis: a retrospective case-control  study.
4501. The Hidden Link: Intimate Partner Violence and Suicidality among Women.
4502. Volume-adjusted p2PSA-derived indices for predicting prostate cancer: the  PROPHET study.
4503. Inclusive Initiatives in Health Professions Education: A Journal-Led Peer  Reviewer Development Initiative.
4504. When access is not truly open: Reading inequalities in sexual health services  through foucauldian biopolitics and human rights.
4505. Safety and immunogenicity of 4CMenB and MenACWY-CRM meningococcal vaccines when  administered concomitantly in healthy adolescents: A phase 3b, randomized,  observer-blind study.
4506. Cost-effectiveness and budget impact of ezetimibe-atorvastatin single-pill  combination versus free combination in Chinese adults with hypercholesterolemia.
4507. Real-World Clinical Evaluation of S2,3PSA Test in a Prostate Biopsy Cohort With  PSA Level of 4-10 ng/mL.
4508. The Potential of Composite Pig Islets-Kidney Xenotransplantation to Cure  Diabetes and Renal Failure: A Suggested Modified Approach.
4509. Differential effects of sevoflurane versus propofol on calmodulin expression in  breast cancer patients.
4510. Stability of serum cytokeratin 18-M30 under different storage conditions for  drug-induced liver injury assessment.
4511. Assessing drug-associated adverse events of spontaneous abortion or fetal death:  A disproportionality analysis based on FDA adverse event reporting system.
4512. The mechanisms of myricetin and quercetin in regulating miRNA-140 and MMP/TIMP  signaling pathway in osteoarthritis treatment.
4513. Targeted immunotherapy and tumor immunogenicity in liver transplant recipients:  A study on lenvatinib and PD-L1 inhibition.
4514. Adolescent Online Gaming in Jordan: A Cross-Sectional Study on Habits and Health  Perceptions Through the Health Belief Model.
4515. Barriers and Facilitators to Practitioner Identification and Treatment of  Patients with Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD): A Systematic Search  and Narrative Synthesis.
4516. Enhancer RNAs: similarities with both lncRNAs and mRNAs reveal novel functions.
4517. Subtypes of Hypertension 2 to 7 Years After First Pregnancy.
4518. Factors associated with open reduction of pediatric type III supracondylar  humerus fractures.
4519. Sexual function and its associations with anxiety, depression, functionality,  and quality of life in women with lipedema.
4520. Usefulness of metabolic score for insulin resistance to predict restenosis after  coronary stent implantation.
4521. Clinical associations during the year before Parkinson's disease diagnosis in  Taiwan: a nationwide claims-based case-control study.
4522. Henipaviruses at the threshold: preparedness in the era of recurrent spillover.
4523. Identification, reliability, and validity of drug-drug interaction checkers in  chronic diseases: A systematic review.
4524. The Flail Limb Syndrome.
4525. ASO Author Reflections: When Is the Index Lymph Node Not Enough?
4526. Publisher Correction: Modeling the Public Health Impact of Introducing 4CMenB  Vaccination for Infants in the Brazilian National Immunization Program.
4527. Corrigendum to 'Eco-friendly approach for the removal and simultaneous detection  of cyanide toxins from drinking and wastewater sources' [Environ. Pollut. 385  (2025) 127094].
4528. Chinese guideline for clinical application of antithymocyte globulin in liver  transplant recipients.
4529. Prevalence of CYP2C19 polymorphisms in medically and surgically managed patients  with GERD.
4530. Association of Long-Term Trajectories in Obesity Indices With Neuroimaging  Metrics and Cognition: A Population-Based Study.
4531. Investigating the Incremental Cost and Utilization Burden of Obstructive Sleep  Apnea in Overweight to Severely Obese Patients.
4532. Rasch Analysis and Interval-Level Scaling of the Positive and Negative Affect  Schedule (PANAS) Across Cultures.
4533. Pyrazole permethrin-induced liver toxicity in mice involves the PI3K/AKT/NF-κB  pathway: Integrated network pharmacology and experimental validation.
4534. Comparative effectiveness of antidepressant augmentation regimens in children  and adolescents with major depressive disorder.
4535. Transitions in exercise motive profiles and their association with physical  activity adherence among low-active middle-aged adults: An exploratory ancillary  analysis.
4536. Huatuo Zaizao pill alleviates cerebral ischemia-reperfusion injury in rhesus  macaque and rat with middle cerebral artery obstruction.
4537. Unveiling the multi-target mechanisms of Zuo Gui Wan in Alzheimer's disease: An  integrated study combining network pharmacology, Mendelian Randomization, and  molecular docking.
4538. Day-to-day variation of Schistosoma haematobium infection and intensity  estimates in the near-elimination setting Pemba, Tanzania.
4539. BMP9 promotes osteogenic differentiation of BMSCs via the lncRNA  SNHG3/miR-619-5p axis in a breast cancer bone metastatic microenvironment.
4540. ZCRB1 promotes proliferation and metastasis of lung squamous cell carcinoma by  stabilizing DSG3 mRNA.
4541. Adaptive laboratory evolution enhances methanol-driven CO(2) fixation in  Sporomusa sphaeroides KIAC.
4542. Analysis of aeration patterns on carbon source utilization characteristics in  anaerobic/aerobic/anoxic process for low C/N municipal wastewater.
4543. Amine-functionalized oyster shell waste for hexavalent chromium removal and  phosphate recovery.
4544. Native microbial community outperforms inoculated systems with Clostridium and  Megasphaera during lactate-driven hydrogen fermentation.
4545. Heat stress and active travel, an eight-year national analysis in The  Netherlands.
4546. Current genetic approaches for the treatment of prion diseases.
4547. Effect of Omega-3 fatty acids, fibrates and PCSK9 inhibitors on atherosclerotic  plaque burden, composition and stability: Insights from imaging.
4548. Kinematic information availability reveals expertise-related flexibility in  prior weighting during action prediction: Behavioral and EEG evidence.
4549. Evaluation of the effectiveness of artemether-lumefantrine and  artesunate-pyronaridine each combined with single low-dose primaquine in adults  with Plasmodium falciparum infection in Ethiopia: a phase 2/3, observer-masked,  randomised, parallel-group trial.
4550. A quarter-century of progress: innovations in lipid medicine that transformed  cardiovascular prevention.
4551. Pastoral Care: Present in Practice, Absent in Policy.
4552. Gut microbiota-derived tryptamine activates AhR-NRF2 signaling to modulate  airway epithelial barrier function in allergic asthma.
4553. Smartly engineered biomaterials drive immune remodeling: A new paradigm for  precise treatment of inflammatory bowel disease.
4554. Authors' response: Discontinuation of continuous kidney replacement therapy in  patients with acute kidney injury: A pilot study.
4555. Technology-enhanced studio design and creative musicianship: Exploring  self-efficacy and motivational moderators.
4556. Revisiting satisfaction with life: A hybrid study based on linear models and  machine learning.
4557. Servant leadership, job commitment, and resource satisfaction as predictors of  teachers' quality of work life in Peruvian basic education.
4558. Cold atmospheric plasma selectively induces toxicity of prostate cancer cells  associated with oxidative stress.
4559. Variation in LINE-1 ORF1p expression across histologic and demographic subgroups  in non-small cell lung cancers.
4560. Human dermal fibroblast-derived factors from sequential DENV-2 and ZIKV  coinfection drive dendritic cell maturation and antiviral responses.
4561. Factors Affecting Textbook Outcomes for Colectomy for Diverticular Disease.
4562. Can Artificial Intelligence Replicate Human Qualitative Analysis?
4563. Transitioning from intravenous to subcutaneous ocrelizumab in a high-volume  infusion center: A time-and-motion-informed capacity and service-flow analysis.
4564. Design, synthesis, and evaluation of polycyclic pyridone derivatives as potent  influenza inhibitors.
4565. Beyond the checklist: An exploration of informatics needs in emergency mental  health triage.
4566. Association Between Lactate-to-Albumin Ratio and 28-Day All-Cause Mortality in  ICU-Admitted Acute Pancreatitis Patients: Development and Validation of a  Machine Learning-Based Predictive Model Integrating Albumin-Corrected Indices.
4567. Hepatoprotective effects of Ulva fasciata against cisplatin-induced liver injury  in rats: GC-MS-based identification, In Silico ADME profiling, and molecular  docking analysis of bioactive compounds.
4568. Modulating energy band structure and energy transfer pathways in CAU-10 series  MOFs via ligand engineering to enhance photocatalytic oxidase-like activity for  multimodal phytate detection.
4569. Target-triggered assembly of engineered bacteria enables dual-mode detection of  microRNA.
4570. Cured color development and mechanism in fermented pork sausages using  arginine-rich salmon milt hydrolysates: A novel strategy for reducing chemical  nitrite addition.
4571. Adsorption of rare-earth elements and yttrium (REE) with hydrous ferric oxide  and hydrous aluminum oxide-Roles of sulfate and pH.
4572. Epidemiology, antimicrobial resistance patterns, management, and predictors of  mortality in diabetic foot infections in a Lebanese hospital: A retrospective  observational study.
4573. Genome-wide identification of StMAPKKKs and functional characterization of  StMAPKKK44 in regulating salt and drought tolerance in potato (Solanum tuberosum  L.).
4574. Infrared spectroscopy and machine learning for post-consumer plastics recycling.
4575. Beyond bent-to-planar transformation: ICT and TICT dynamics in a novel  disubstituted N,N'-dihydrophenazine.
4576. Rapid prediction method for elastane content in blended fabrics based on  near-infrared hyperspectral imaging and neural network model.
4577. Salinity-linked iron stress creates a finite risk window for cyanobacterial  toxins in inland lakes.
4578. Retraction notice to "Effects of metastatic CRC predictors on treatment  outcomes" [Surg. Oncol. 44(2022) 101835].
4579. Gut microbiota in blood pressure control: Friend or foe?
4580. Between demographic targets and personal desire: lived experiences of  infertility.
4581. Prenatal exposure to Antiseizure Medications for all indications and the risk of  neurodevelopmental disorders in offspring: a nationwide population-based cohort  study in South Korea.
4582. Effect-based spatiotemporal assessment of suspended particulate matter in the  River Rhine: An early warning platform for environmental monitoring.
4583. Species-specific bioaccumulation and biotransformation of antibiotics shape  differential toxicological effects in a multi-level aquatic community.
4584. Dual-functional Z‑scheme heterojunction nanozymes with surface encapsulation of  porphyrin-based metal-organic framework on covalent organic framework for  integrated detection and removal of aflatoxin B(1) in foods.
4585. Curative treatment for severe sickle cell disease: allogeneic hematopoietic cell  transplant or gene therapy.
4586. Narcolepsy type 1: an environment-influenced disease.
4587. Probing the interactions between bovine hemoglobin and three berberine saturated  fatty acid salts by multi-spectral techniques, conductimetry and molecular  docking.
4588. A malignant symbiosis: The neuro-metabolic symphony rewires the tumor  microenvironment.
4589. Converting FGFR inhibitors into selective covalent molecular glue degraders via  transposable gluing handles.
4590. Monitoring of non-systemic and systemic pesticides and date (Phoenix dactylifera  L.) fruit metabolites using DESI-TOF MS.
4591. Ultrasound processing induces mild protein oxidation and significant changes in  physicochemical properties of milk proteins.
4592. Comparing tumor burden-based classification with traditional methods for  knowledge-based VMAT planning in multiple brain metastases.
4593. Prolonged conservative treatment of women with atypical endometrial hyperplasia  and early endometrial carcinoma: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
4594. Development of a pandemic H5N1 influenza vaccine using MDCK suspension cells: A  scalable and efficient production platform.
4595. Evaluating the readability and comprehension of patient education materials for  Systemic Lupus Erythematosus (SLE) available online.
4596. Folate receptor-targeted PEGylated PLGA nanoparticles for the site-specific  delivery of hesperidin in epithelial ovarian cancer.
4597. Economic evaluation of a bivalent respiratory syncytial virus prefusion F  vaccine for maternal vaccination in Sweden: cost-effectiveness and budget  impact.
4598. Biasmapping: Idiosyncratic covert search in the vicinity of fixation.
4599. CAR T-cell Therapy for Extramedullary Multiple Myeloma: from Early Response to  Durable Disease Control.
4600. Correction: Safety and feasibility of early discharge after transcatheter aortic  valve implantation with ACURATE Neo-the POLESTAR trial.
4601. Digital Resources for Traversing the Landscape of Human Aging: Databases, Key  Computational Strategies, and Artificial Intelligence.
4602. Immunopathogenesis of Mayaro Virus-Induced Chronic Arthritis: From Inflammatory  Pathways to Targeted Therapeutic Strategies.
4603. Multisystem Detection and Molecular Evidence Linking Dog-Associated Ticks to Two  Fatal Human SFTSV Infections in Thailand.
4604. A Comparison of the Effectiveness of Different Fixation Strategies in Pediatric  and Adolescent Subtrochanteric Femur Fractures.
4605. [ 68 Ga]Ga-NECT-224 PET/CT Shows Increasing Nectin-4 Expression in Progressive  Urothelial Carcinoma Under ADC-Therapy With Enfortumab-Vedotin.
4606. A Rare Case of Primary Intracardiac Thymoma on 18 F-FDG PET/CT.
4607. Association between GLM7 and female infertility: a cross-sectional analysis of  NHANES 2013-2018.
4608. A closed-loop myocardial infarction theranostic platform activated by  macrophage-derived nitric oxide and acidic microenvironment.
4609. Association of the C-reactive protein-triglyceride-glucose index (CTI) with  lower-extremity peripheral artery disease among U.S. adults.
4610. First Responders Have Lower COVID-19 Vaccination Rates Than Other Healthcare  Providers.
4611. Correction to "Obstetric Emergency Preparedness in Arkansas Emergency  Departments".
4612. Mortality, cardiovascular disease, and cancer in coeliac disease and dermatitis  herpetiformis: a matched cohort study.
4613. On the Clinical Utility of Hybrid Endoscopy in Crohn's Disease.
4614. Endoscopic Pseudo-dilation of Esophagogastric Junction During Peroral Endoscopic  Myotomy: (With Video).
4615. Endoscopic Diagnosis of Necator americanus Infection Presenting With Persistent  Iron-Deficiency Anemia: Usefulness of Image-Enhanced Endoscopy and Capsule  Endoscopy.
4616. Progressive embedding technique for large auricular cartilage-containing  specimens in Mohs micrographic surgery.
4617. Correction to Merkel cell carcinoma in Singapore [JAAD International 2026  April;(25)16-17].
4618. The efficacy of penicillin in psoriasis: A retrospective chart review.
4619. Living in the sun's shadow: Skin cancer and albinism in Senegal.
4620. Navigating diagnostic uncertainty in vulvar lichen sclerosus: When clinical and  histopathologic findings diverge.
4621. "Pleasantly confused" and missed opportunities for delirium recognition: A  hospital record audit.
4622. Workload, missed nursing care, ethical climate, and work interruptions among  emergency department registered nurses: A descriptive-analytical study.
4623. Incidence and clinical outcomes of extended duration support in patients with  Impella 5.5 - Analysis from the LOQI Registry.
4624. Crimean-Congo hemorrhagic fever viral RNA-free hard ticks infesting livestock in  a rural region of southern Iran.
4625. Effects of fipronil bait pellets on two cricetid species: Potential implications  for plague mitigation and wildlife conservation.
4626. Seasonal dynamic and individual determinants of Amphibiocystidium sp. infection  in the palmate newt during the aquatic breeding season.
4627. Alleleauto: a pipeline for allele identification and analysis of allele-specific  gene expression with haplotype-resolved diploid genome assemblies.
4628. Two-year outcomes of fenestrated and branched stent grafts in patients ≤65  years: A bicenter retrospective study.
4629. Salvage of exposed autogenous lower extremity bypass using biodegradable  temporizing matrix (BTM).
4630. A hybrid in-line aspiration technique using a coronary aspiration catheter  directly connected to a mechanical thrombectomy pump for acute limb ischemia.
4631. Endovascular stenting of chronic retrohepatic inferior vena cava interruption in  Budd-Chiari syndrome.
4632. Modeling time to visual insight in Mooney image recognition with a chaotic  recurrent neural network.
4633. Fully human anti-FOLR1 T-cell engager demonstrates potent activity in  CBFA2T3::GLIS2 acute megakaryoblastic leukemia.
4634. Co-option of lineage plasticity as a hallmark of multipotent acute leukemias.
4635. Retrospective analysis for skydiving injuries: A high-volume single-site case  series.
4636. Delayed traumatic hemipelvectomy after crush injury in a pediatric patient: a  case report.
4637. Challenges and management of iliac-to-femoral artery injuries in endovascular  aneurysm repair.
4638. Virtual shared medical appointments for obesity and GLP-1 medications: A  scalable method for optimizing care delivery.
4639. Who is waiting to see the surgeon? sociodemographic, clinical characteristics  and previous osteoarthritis care of people with knee osteoarthritis referred to  public hospitals in Victoria, Australia.
4640. Characterization of calcifications in posterior horn of human meniscus using  micro-computed tomography.
4641. Characterization of peripapillary vascular density in traumatic optic  neuropathy.
4642. Acral lentiginous melanoma metastases to the vitreous masquerading as uveitis: A  case report.
4643. Long-term pulmonary function outcomes in early onset scoliosis: A critical  literature review.
4644. Outcomes of total hip arthroplasty in males undergoing testosterone replacement  therapy: A propensity-matched analysis.
4645. A Survey of knowledge and perception of patients towards the serum uric acid  levels in musculoskeletal symptoms and systemic diseases.
4646. Communication and consent practices in orthopaedic implant surgeries: A  multi-centre cross-sectional study from India.
4647. Impact of ABO blood groups on residual pulmonary vascular obstruction in  patients with unprovoked pulmonary embolism.
4648. Strengthening trauma care in South Africa: Tier 1 integration of emergency first  aid responder (EFAR) programmes with emergency medical services.
4649. The impact of COVID-19 on the knowledge, attitudes and practices of end-of-life  care and decision making amongst doctors in South African Emergency Departments.
4650. A rare case presentation of a common condition: A large laryngeal gouty tophus.
4651. When neck pain isn't muscular: A case report on TIPIC syndrome responding to  NSAIDs.
4652. Intramuscular hemangioma of the thoracic wall: Diagnostic challenge mimicking  breast pathology-A case report.
4653. CRISPR decodes the RNA regulatory network in prostate cancer: A review from  mechanisms to precision therapeutics.
4654. Benefit finding and caregiving burden among primary caregivers of patients with  advanced cancer in China: A latent profile analysis.
4655. Dynamic changes in frailty and related factors in older patients with liver  cancer: A latent transition analysis approach.
4656. Symptom management in cancer care: An evolutionary concept analysis for a  digitally enabled collaborative framework.
4657. Biodegradation of sulfonamide antibiotics by a soil bacteria enrichment and the  impacts of soil organic matter.
4658. Clinical pharmacists' aspirations on prescribing in cardiology within an  academic health system.
4659. Plant-based production and characterization of monoclonal antibodies targeting  extracellular enveloped proteins of the Mpox Virus.
4660. Subcutaneous drug delivery of high concentration antibody products - part 2:  formulation, device options, and clinical bridging strategies for  patient-centric commercial presentations.
4661. Extracellular vesicles participate in proteostasis and heat shock adaptation in  Plasmodium falciparum.
4662. Development and Validation of a Novel Risk Prediction Model for Incident  Diabetic Foot Complications: A Large, Longitudinal, Population-Based Machine  Learning Study.
4663. Identification of Prohibitin (PHB) as an Entry Factor of Highly Pathogenic  Coronaviruses Using Metabolic Glycoengineering and Photo-Crosslinking  Techniques.
4664. Correction of Ineffective Erythropoiesis and Normalization of Iron Homeostasis  After Exagamglogene Autotemcel in Transfusion-Dependent β-Thalassemia.
4665. Organization of Astrocytic GLT-1 at Cortical Inhibitory Synapses.
4666. Dyslexia Knowledge, Attitudes and Self-Efficacy Among Chinese Mainstream School  Teachers.
4667. ASO Author Reflections: Beyond Time to Diagnosis: The Lasting Impact of  Diagnostic Experience in GIST.
4668. An umbrella review of inflammatory biomarkers and their relationship to  treatment response in MDD.
4669. Dynamic regulation of the tissue microenvironment by integrins and the  extracellular matrix.
4670. Cell-based platforms for antiviral screening against hepatitis B virus:  advantages, limitations, and future perspectives.
4671. Natural infections caused by Leishmania parasites in the Curaçaoan long-nosed  bat (Leptonycteris curasoae) in northwestern Venezuela.
4672. Molecular cloning and characterization of hepatocyte nuclear factor 4 alpha and  its role in docosahexaenoic acid-induced fatty acid β-oxidation in tiger puffer  (Takifugu rubripes) hepatocytes.
4673. G protein-coupled receptor 119 regulates hepatic lipid homeostasis in zebrafish  (Danio rerio).
4674. Low-temperature plasma catalysis for VOCs control: Mechanistic insights and  hybrid strategies.
4675. Phosphorus metabolism regulates the trade-off between phosphorus removal and  sludge reduction.
4676. The fT3/fT4 ratio as a candidate marker of motor progression in SCA3.
4677. PBMC DEG/miRNA biomarkers of TDP-43 pathology in ALS.
4678. CDK1 alleviates intrauterine adhesion progression by enhancing glycolysis and  mitophagy in endometrial stem cells.
4679. Phosphodiesterase 8 (PDE8), a novel target for neurodegenerative diseases.
4680. Interpreting time-of-day effects on induction of labor duration in contemporary  practice.
4681. Polystyrene nanoplastics exacerbate systemic lupus erythematosus via neutrophil  extracellular traps (NETs) formation.
4682. Dynamic network analysis of air pollution-related health vulnerability:  Implications for policy synergy.
4683. Construction and validation of a risk-prediction model for pneumonia in  critically ill patients with indwelling nasogastric tubes.
4684. Lactate-related diagnostic signature in rheumatoid arthritis: WGCNA and LASSO  analysis with experimental validation.
4685. Effects of a 24-week intervention with freeze-dried blueberries on brain health  in older adults: A randomized double-blind, placebo-controlled trial.
4686. A one-pot RPA-T7/crDNA-CRISPR/Cas13a assay for portable and ultrasensitive  detection of Helicobacter pylori and clarithromycin resistance mutations.
4687. SERS and supervised learning for proof-of-concept rotavirus detection in  wastewater matrices.
4688. Effects of complexation temperature on the helical structure and properties of  amylose-α-linolenic acid complexes.
4689. Electroacupuncture alleviates spinal cord injury by regulating M2-like  polarization of myeloid cells through CMPK2/NLRP3 inflammasome inhibition.
4690. Integrated bioinformatics and ex-vivo evaluation of resveratrol in modulating  oxidative stress and neutrophil extracellular traps in COPD.
4691. Effects of parental intervention on children's English utterances and behavioral  responses in video-based second language learning.
4692. Poly(m-phenylene isophthalamide)/chitosan separator with enhanced ion transport  and Interface stability via protonated amino group modulation for  high-performance Lithium-ion batteries.
4693. Restoration of Treg function and polarization of M2 macrophages by tofacitinib  to alleviate sarcoidosis through the mediation of the JAK3/STAT5 pathway.
4694. Facile synthesis of the pentasaccharide corresponding to the O-antigen of  Shigella boydii type 13 strain using linear and one-pot iterative  glycosylations.
4695. Visualizing hydrogen sulfide dynamics in crop roots under heavy metal and salt  stress using a selective fluorescent probe.
4696. Surface coordination engineering of gold nanoclusters with Sc(3+) for selective  fluorescent detection of pyridoxal 5'-phosphate.
4697. Editorial Expression of Concern: Frequent Deletion and Methylation in SH3GL2 and  CDKN2A Loci are Associated with Early- and Late-Onset Breast Carcinoma.
4698. Speaking Volumes About High-Volume Centers.
4699. A unified force-energy adhesion model for wettability on real solid surfaces.
4700. Less is more? Questioning the walking dose in the WISE trial.
4701. Evaluation of the EntericBio multiplex polymerase chain reaction system as a  routine method for the detection of stool pathogens and screening of  carbapenemase-producing Enterobacterales.
4702. Ionomycin enhances radiosensitivity in breast cancer through reactive oxygen  species generation and mitochondrial permeability transition pore opening.
4703. Algorithmic accuracy is not clinical readiness in fetal cardiac screening.
4704. Impact of Specialized Pediatric Palliative Care on Bereaved Parents' Mental and  Physical Health.
4705. Machine Learning and Deep Learning for Neurological Disease Analysis: A  Systematic Review Across Five Major Disorders.
4706. High-efficiency and targeted Hg(II) adsorption on sulfur-functionalized  mesoporous silica via thiol-ene click chemistry: Dual-site coordination,  performance, and mechanisms.
4707. Coastal environmental quality assessment using a multi-biomarker pollution index  in the sea urchin Sphaerechinus granularis (Lamarck, 1816) from the gulf of  annaba (mediterranean sea), Algeria.
4708. A review of environmental occurrence and toxicity of 2-ethylhexyl salicylate,  homomenthyl salicylate and ethylhexyl methoxycinnamate.
4709. Modeling the kinetics of norovirus GII bioaccumulation in mussels.
4710. Stabilizing and cleaning functional connectivity measures via native eigenspace  denoising of resting state fMRI data.
4711. Revealing the enhancing mechanism and material basis of bile-processed Coptidis  Rhizoma in anti-anxiety from perspective of cross organ regulation.
4712. Promising advancements to the blue dye ingress test - Quantification of blister  integrity by leakage rate.
4713. A charge-reversible hyaluronic acid prodrug nanoplatform for synergistically  enhanced tumor-targeted doxorubicin delivery.
4714. Accelerating yeast adaptation: harnessing thermal stress for genomic  diversification and thermotolerance in Yarrowia lipolytica.
4715. Impact of zero-valent iron on carbon dioxide biomethanation under mesophilic and  thermophilic conditions.
4716. Molecular mechanism of anammox granular sludge disintegration caused by  polyethylene terephthalate micro/nanoplastics: a new perspective based on quorum  sensing.
4717. Construction of Ni(x)Fe(y)/m-ZrO(2) catalysts and their self-hydrogen transfer  hydrogenation liquefaction of cellulose.
4718. Metagenomic insights into metabolic limitations and biosafety implications of  rendered pig carcass anaerobic digestion.
4719. Endurance exercise improves age- and obesity-related cardiac dysfunction and  locomotor impairment through muscle Gγ1 gene in Drosophila.
4720. Impact of gamma irradiation and ethylene oxide sterilisation on the stability of  crystalline and amorphous drug solids.
4721. Metabolic fate and oral dosing feasibility of the formyl peptide receptor 2  agonist WKYMVm: An integrated analytical and kinetic modeling approach.
4722. Structure and process relationships in extruded polymer systems: Solid-state  remodeling of oxymetazoline.
4723. Multi-omic profiling identifies TREM2(+) lipid-laden macrophages as inflammatory  drivers and therapeutic targets of colorectal cancer liver metastasis.
4724. Single-cell transcriptomics reveals the hemocyte atlas and molecular mechanisms  underlying the growth-immunity trade-off in Litopenaeus vannamei.
4725. Molecular characterization and differential immunomodulatory functions of TGF-β2  and TGF-β3 following Vibrio challenge in Takifugu obscurus.
4726. Colchicine in cardiovascular medicine: Current perspectives on mechanisms and  clinical therapeutics.
4727. Incretin-based therapies: Effects on plasma lipids and potential mechanisms.
4728. Use of UDP-glucose 4-epimerase all4713 from Nostoc sp. PCC 7120 in the synthesis  of galactose.
4729. The clinical efficacy of hydrogen combined with tetrandrine in the treatment of  silicosis fibrosis: A randomized controlled intervention study.
4730. Beyond wastewater surveillance: Cruise ships as One Health sentinel ecosystems.
4731. Integration of geostatistical and hot spot analysis to identify drivers of  radionuclide spatial heterogeneity in the high-mountain lake basin topsoil.
4732. Urban greenness and heavy PM(2.5) events in China: A national long-term panel  study on burden, severity, and within-event dynamics.
4733. Optimizing extraction and concentration methods for LC-MS/MS analysis of  veterinary pharmaceuticals in equine-associated environmental matrices.
4734. Parasitic infections in solid organ transplant.
4735. Trueness and precision of resin models produced by different  vat-photopolymerization 3D printing technologies for full-arch implant-supported  restorations.
4736. Veratramine induces cardiac developmental defects in zebrafish embryos via  regulating the Wnt signaling pathway.
4737. Effect of chitosan nanocarriers on the interaction between cimetidine and bovine  serum albumin and its regulation of protein conformation.
4738. YAP mediates activation of the serine synthesis pathway in the heart during  pressure overload.
4739. Shikimic acid ameliorates immobilization-induced muscle atrophy through  regulation of inflammation and muscle protein homeostasis.
4740. Coronary artery calcification in thoracic cancer radiotherapy: A scoping review.
4741. Lineage tracing in gastruloids to understand determinants of early fate  decisions.
4742. Engineering nanozymes for cancer theranostics: Chemical design, catalytic  intelligence, and translational oncology frontiers.
4743. Emulsion gels stabilized by freshwater fish-lotus seed dual-protein complexes:  Rheological properties, microstructure, and stability.
4744. Effects of rapeseed (Brassica napus L.) ripening and post-harvest ripening  duration on physicochemical properties and lipid concomitants of rapeseed oils.
4745. MOF- and COF-based platforms for heavy metal sensing in food matrices:  mechanisms, design strategies, and applications.
4746. In silico technologies for food-based gels: Molecular docking and molecular  dynamic simulation.
4747. Facile synthesis of carboxymethyl chitosan quaternary ammonium derivatives and  the evaluation on antioxidant potential in vitro and in vivo.
4748. Polyneuropathy in p.V142I hereditary transthyretin amyloidosis: Diagnostic  challenges and clinical considerations.
4749. Beyond EDSS: Memory-guided saccades as candidate digital biomarkers of  processing speed and fatigue in MS-A proof-of-concept study.
4750. Isolation and purification of extracellular vesicles based on dual mechanisms of  charge/size exclusion by quaternized magnetic nanomaterials.
4751. Optimised extraction and HPLC-DAD determination of steroidal glycoalkaloids in  potato tubers: Analytical validation and environmental sustainability  evaluation.
4752. The impact of algorithmic management pressure on gig workers' well-being: The  role of avoidance job crafting.
4753. Recombinant human myeloperoxidase from Pichia pastoris: Functional analyses and  potential for surface applications.
4754. A deep learning multi-attention Bi-GRU framework for k(cat) prediction with  segmentation-based insights.
4755. Styles of communication in the intensive care unit: Nudges and recommendations.
4756. Insight into the inhibitory role of rhamnolipid in the adsorption of  neonicotinoid pesticides onto biochars.
4757. Antibiotic prophylaxis for preventing open fracture related infections - A  scoping review.
4758. Huanglian Wendan ameliorates depression via gut-brain axis-related PPAR-α/allo  pathways.
4759. A feature selection and per-indicator modeling framework for forecasting  multivariate effluent water quality in wastewater treatment plant.
4760. Homoacetogenesis inhibition and electrode regulation strengthen an in situ  hydrogen-retaining reducing environment for Fe(3+) reduction-driven vivianite  formation.
4761. Iron-bearing halloysite for wetland remediation: Curvature-controlled oxidation  pathways and ecological implications.
4762. Corrigendum to "Development and validation analysis of a corrected axial  spondyloarthritis metrology index (CASMI)" [Seminars in Arthritis and Rheumatism  78 (2026) 152981].
4763. Synergistic antibacterial activity and multi-target mechanism of phage endolysin  LysPFX32 combined with Cinnamaldehyde against Pseudomonas fluorescens in  protein-rich food matrices.
4764. Mechanisms of porphyrin-mediated photohemolysis of erythrocytes.
4765. Gut-brain axis research in schizophrenia: Historical evolution, emerging  computational models, and translational challenges - A narrative review.
4766. Higher endometrial thickness prior frozen embryo transfer is associated with  lower first-trimester placental growth factor.
4767. Multi-omic biomarkers of neoadjuvant treatment response in rectal cancer: A  narrative review.
4768. An integrated microfluidic chip for the capture, migration and molecular  phenotyping of single circulating tumor cells.
4769. A label-free electrochemical aptasensor enables ultrasensitive and specific  detection of neurofilament light.
4770. Enzyme immobilization-based multilayer colorimetric probe for enhanced detection  of viable foodborne pathogens.
4771. Metabolic alterations in Snyder-Robinson syndrome lymphoblasts are ameliorated  by phenylbutyrate treatment.
4772. Plastic waste gasification to synthetic natural gas: experimental catalytic  steam gasification and methanation process modelling in aspen plus.
4773. Breaking the stiffness-dynamicity trade-off in polymer gels via a switchable  hydrogen-bond clustering strategy.
4774. Defect-engineered hydrogen-terminated diamond optoelectronic synapses for  UV-driven neuromorphic computing.
4775. An AI-driven closed-loop framework: A novel enzymatic biochar enabling  near-complete degradation of biodegradable plastics.
4776. Short-, medium-, and long-chain chlorinated paraffins in human serum from South  China: Evidence of LCCP exposure and CP substitution.
4777. Dietary context determines the metabolic toxicity of organochlorine pesticides:  Protective effects of intermittent calorie restriction.
4778. Discovery and engineering of a compost-derived thermophilic BHETase for enhanced  depolymerization of post-consumer PET.
4779. Rice 2C protein phosphatase, OsNY1, and magnesium oxide positively regulate  arsenic tolerance by root cells reinforcement, metals detoxification, and  protein phosphorylation.
4780. Enhancement of anammox coupled arsenate reduction by coexisting iron-bearing  minerals.
4781. A comprehensive review of herbal and synthetic drugs in the pharmacotherapy of  arthritis.
4782. Focusing on Diastolic Dysfunction to Achieve Consensus With the Term Diabetic  Cardiomyopathy.
4783. Ubiquitination-anchored signature defines neuroendocrine prostate cancer: hub  genes and single-cell ecosystem insights from integrated bioinformatics analysis  of public transcriptomic datasets.
4784. Uncovering the role of ABI2 as a key regulator of flowering time in Arabidopsis.
4785. Essential Role for XRCC1 and PARP1 in the Repair of Genotoxic Damage During  Spermatogenesis.
4786. A case of transient hepatocellular injury in an HIV monoclonal antibody trial.
4787. Dual-ligand-modified cantharidin nanoparticles for the treatment of  hepatocellular carcinoma via the inhibition of Ephb4.
4788. Clinical and Cost-Effectiveness of Shared Decision Making: Evidence from a  Prospective Multicenter Study Evaluating a Hospital-Based Intervention in  Germany.
4789. Exploring thylakoid emergence: evolution of membrane biogenesis and photosystem  II assembly in early-diverging cyanobacteria.
4790. Correction: ASO Author Reflections: It's Time to Take Dyspepsia Seriously.
4791. ASO Visual Abstract: Personalization of Neoadjuvant Immunotherapy in High-Risk  Resectable Melanoma and Utility of ctDNA as a Biomarker of Immunotherapy  Response.
4792. Real-World Treatment Switch Rates, and Healthcare Costs of Botulinum Toxin  Type A Among Patients with Cervical Dystonia in the USA: A Retrospective Claims  Analysis.
4793. Corrigendum to "The effect of inhaler prescription and comorbidities on the  prognosis of COPD in never-smokers: A nationwide population-based study"  [Respirat. Med. 258 (2026) 108864.
4794. Metabolic and endocrine factors involved in handgrip strength and dynapenia in  postmenopausal women.
4795. GPLD1 is a scavenger carrier mediating lysosomal degradation of extracellular  aberrant proteins.
4796. Prevalence of the risk of malnutrition and early monitoring of caloric-protein  intake in patients hospitalized in an internal medicine unit.
4797. Pitfalls in Detecting MET Exon 14 Skipping Variants by DNA- and RNA-Based  Next-Generation Sequencing Technologies in a Large Real-World Cohort and Results  of the First Multinational External Quality Assessment Schemes.
4798. Modelling activated macrophages and T-cells in a within-host tuberculosis model  via numerical simulation.
4799. eDNA: A dual nongenetic gamechanger in biofilm development and depletion.
4800. Prosocial behaviors across bipolar and major depressive mood disorders: A  preliminary investigation.
4801. Disparate plasma metabolomic profiles in late-life depression and amnestic mild  cognitive impairment: A (1)H NMR metabolomics study.
4802. Immobilized laccase reactors for process intensification: Kinetic comparison of  batch and continuous-flow systems.
4803. Neonatal morbidity following resolution of fetal growth restriction diagnosed at  second-trimester anatomy ultrasound.
4804. Eclampsia despite magnesium sulfate prophylaxis.
4805. Overexpression of scavenger receptor class B member 2 leads to different  response of ovarian adenocarcinoma cells to chemotherapy.
4806. Old age does not influence ventilatory transdiaphragmatic pressures following  unilateral phrenicotomy.
4807. Evolution and plasticity of the control of breathing in high-altitude natives:  Insights from deer mice.
4808. Diabetic retinopathy and dementia risk: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
4809. Research progress on drug resistance mechanisms and therapeutic strategies for  difficult-to-treat rheumatoid arthritis.
4810. Disturbed lipid metabolism in microglia after cerebral ischemia-reperfusion.
4811. Screening of immune adjuvants for an attenuated live vaccine derived from the  Aeromonas veronii TH0426 strain with a hisJ gene deletion and evaluation of its  immune protection in crucian carp.
4812. Identification of Galectin-2 from Mugil cephalus: A multifunctional immune  effector with antibacterial activity associated with disruption of membrane  potential and metabolic perturbation.
4813. Functional divergence and epigenetic regulation of Caspase-3a and Caspase-8a in  Apoptosis-Inflammation crosstalk during Streptococcus iniae infection in golden  pompano (Trachinotus ovatus).
4814. Isolation and characterization of nanoplastics from the environment and their  reproductive toxicity.
4815. Development and validation of a non-invasive RT-qPCR protocol for Nrf2 mRNA  quantification in human tear fluid: A platform for ocular surface redox  biomarker research.
4816. IGFBP4 suppresses EndMT and preserves rabbit corneal endothelial cell phenotypes  by inhibiting the Wnt2/β-catenin signaling pathway.
4817. Mechanistic insights into the comparative ecotoxicity of PFOS and its emerging  alternatives in zebrafish: An integrated multi-biomarker and molecular modeling  approach.
4818. Removal of per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances and nanoplastics from water using  selected nanomaterial-based membranes: A review.
4819. Long-term therapy with elexacaftor/tezacaftor/ivacaftor improves cystic fibrosis  lung disease and monocyte function.
4820. Astrocytic AT1R deficiency ameliorates LPS-induced depressive-like behaviors  through lactoferrin-mediated astrocyte polarization.
4821. Camk2g1 regulates Notch signaling and histone methylation to specify  hematopoietic stem cells.
4822. Genomic insights into the reassortment and parental origins of Oropouche virus  outbreak lineage in Brazil.
4823. H₂O₂-induced oxidative stress modulates methotrexate and dexamethasone-dependent  regulation of NLRP3-associated transcription and HLA class I expression in  primary human RPE cells.
4824. Valorisation of seafood wastewater using halotolerant purple bacteria with high  antioxidant content as aquafeed.
4825. Metabolic division of labor drives synergistic production of biomass, lipid and  α-tocopherol in Euglena gracilis-Chlorella pyrenoidosa co-cultures.
4826. Performance and mechanisms of a biochar-enhanced partial nitritation/anammox  process for the treatment of silane tower wastewater.
4827. Molecular epidemiology of Pseudomonas aeruginosa in Africa: A systematic review  and Meta-analysis.
4828. Rethinking early Alzheimer's disease: An impaired internal model updating  disorder?
4829. Small but mighty: the human mycobiome as an immunopharmacological regulator of  inflammation and autoimmunity.
4830. Efficient induction of EPSCs via episomal reprogramming: a functionally  equivalent yet transcriptionally specialized alternative to EPSCs.
4831. Generation and characterization of four iPSC and isogenic gene-corrected lines  from Legius syndrome patients.
4832. Interactions of micro-/nanoplastics and engineered nanomaterials in the  environment and the toxicity of co-exposure.
4833. Microplastics impair cadmium adsorption in soils via changes in dissolved  organic matter and Fe/Mn oxides.
4834. In situ remediation of per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances by colloidal  activated carbon in groundwater and vadose zone.
4835. Behavioral changes and control strategies of downstream microplastics under the  influence of wastewater treatment plants: A review.
4836. Triple-Janus porous electrode for electrostatic filtration of complex  wastewater.
4837. Voices from the shadows: a phenomenological study on the maternity care  experiences of visually impaired mothers in Türkiye.
4838. The effect of treatments for postpartum depression on breastfeeding practices: a  systematic review and meta-analysis.
4839. Interfacial catalytic ultrafiltration for surface water purification: Mechanisms  from fouling mitigation to metabolic pathway response.
4840. Threshold-mediated diatom community reorganization during multi-stressor  recovery in a mining-impacted stream.
4841. Wearable devices for improving medication adherence in older adults with chronic  conditions: A systematic review.
4842. Benchmarking AI architectures for circularity in textiles: fiber recognition  with CNNs, ViTs, and hybrid models.
4843. Ultrafast and efficient recovery of valuable metals from spent LiCoO(2) cathode  via organic ferrous assisted reductive ammonia leaching.
4844. Cochlear deafferentation impairs perception of acoustic onset cues in  kainate-exposed budgerigars.
4845. Electrically evoked compound action potentials in adult and pediatric cochlear  implant users: II. Assessing cochlear nerve health status with the interphase  gap effect and the phase locking value.
4846. Safety and feasibility of subtotal gastrectomy compared with completion total  gastrectomy for remnant gastric cancer: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
4847. U.S. Poison Center exposure cases involving marijuana and selected comparator  substances.
4848. Viral-induced autoimmune disorders: Mechanistic insights and emerging concepts.
4849. Green extraction of RuBisCO-rich leaf protein for sustainable food systems:  process efficiency, functional quality, and sustainability assessment.
4850. Optimized probe-ultrasound-assisted extraction of Chlorogenic acids from  eggplant (Solanum melongena L.) by-products: Unlocking the phenolic and  antioxidant potential of Calyx and leaves.
4851. Association study on the regulation of muscle development-related genes,  proteins, and metabolites in different tissues by gastrointestinal flora during  various developmental stages of Liaoning cashmere goats.
4852. Plantain seed mucilage-derived aerogel for microplastics removal in aged  traditional Chinese spirit.
4853. Tetraphenylethylene-thiazole derivatives: a combined experimental and DFT study  for the rational design of novel materials.
4854. High-intensity terahertz time-domain spectroscopy (HI-THz-TDS) reveals hydration  behavior of lactose in the dilute regime.
4855. Spectrophotometric estimation of creatinine using aminoadipic acid  functionalized gold nanoparticles.
4856. A turn-on colorimetric detection of tyrosinase activity with manganese-doped  cerium oxide nanozyme.
4857. Characterization of the phenolate-keto oxyluciferin/luciferase interactions in  the S(1) state by QM/MM energy decomposition analysis.
4858. Computational exploration of quercetin derivatives from Azadirachta indica leaf  as threonine tyrosine kinase inhibitors for potential lung and pancreatic cancer  treatment.
4859. Transcription factor STAT1 upregulates IL-36γ to mediate the sensitivity of  human nasal epithelial cells to ferroptosis and promote inflammatory progression  in chronic rhinosinusitis.
4860. Latent profile analysis reveals diverse perceptions of tobacco product risks  among youth.
4861. Bidirectional associations between protective behavioral strategies for cannabis  use and cannabis outcomes: A cross-lagged longitudinal approach.
4862. Shared and distinct profiles of attention to emotional faces in childhood trauma  and depression: An eye-tracking study.
4863. Mechanistic study of Hederagenin against liver injury by inhibiting  AIM2-mediated PANoptosis via the JAK2/STAT3 signaling pathway.
4864. Thermally driven organic contaminant migration in soil-groundwater systems:  field-scale modeling with temperature field coupling.
4865. Unravelling the role of sediment disposition influenced redox-dominated  geochemical processes in distribution of geogenic contaminants in groundwater of  a major fluvial aquifer: Implications for safe drinking water sources.
4866. Assessing Cs-137 migration from abandon radioactive logging tool in Kuwait.
4867. Multi-regional transcriptomics reveals robust consensus subtypes beyond tumor  heterogeneity of breast cancer.
4868. An online packing strategy for high volume injection in sensitivity-enhanced  UPLC-MS/MS analysis of 30 veterinary drugs in beef.
4869. A proof-of-concept evaluation of an ROI-MCR and HILIC-based method for screening  environmental contaminants in surface and groundwater.
4870. Adapting and validating the ETDQ-7 for the pediatric population.
4871. Surgeons' perspectives on patient-specific 3D-printed temporal bone models: What  do we need?
4872. The impact of generative artificial intelligence literacy on higher-order  thinking skills in Chinese higher vocational college students: Integrating  variable-centered and person-centered approaches.
4873. Perceived involution reduces prosocial behavior: A moderated mediation model.
4874. Type VI secretion system: Central regulator of antimicrobial resistance dynamics  via indirect mechanisms.
4875. CaSO(4):Tm thermoluminescent semi-spherical-shaped pellets for improved angular  dependence dosimeters.
4876. Ultrasonic vibration-assisted laser directed energy deposition: influence of  vibration frequencies on thermal and mechanical characteristics.
4877. Artificial intelligence in prostate cancer imaging: A mini-review of current  applications and future directions.
4878. Mixture cure model analysis of event-free survival in the NIAGARA Trial:  Quantifying the cure fraction benefit of perioperative durvalumab in  muscle-invasive bladder cancer.
4879. Combined peripheral cannabinoid CB1 and CB2 receptor activation abolishes  cystitis-induced bladder hyperalgesia.
4880. Pharmacological and non-pharmacological treatments for chronic insomnia in  perimenopausal and postmenopausal women: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
4881. The neural basis of emotional prosody processing: development of lateralization.
4882. STEM in an SEM: Towards high-throughput imaging and analysis of metal  nanoclusters.
4883. Human-automation interaction shapes safety performance across automation levels  in safety-critical scenarios.
4884. Racial disparities in pediatric cancer hospitalizations in the United States.
4885. Biological mechanisms and social determinants of antimicrobial resistance.
4886. Antimicrobial resistance and virulence in polymicrobial chronic wound  infections: A metagenomic perspective.
4887. Lyme Borreliosis in Iran: True or myth? A systematic review.
4888. Retraction notice to 'Removal of lead ions from wastewater using lanthanum  sulfide nanoparticle decorated over magnetic graphene oxide' [Environ. Res. 204  (2022) 111959].
4889. Retraction notice to "Blockchain-enhanced reinforcement learning: A sustainable  solution for optimized municipal solid waste management" [Environ. Res. 293  (2026) 123511].
4890. Retraction notice to 'Association between prenatal exposure to ambient  particulate matter and risk of hypospadias in offspring: A systematic review and  meta-analysis' [Environ. Res. 192 (2021) 110190].
4891. Whitening black boxes: Interpretable and explainable DL-based systems for  trustworthy healthcare.
4892. What Social Workers Need to Know about Sludge.
4893. The value of proteinuria for the administration of rituximab in patients with  PLA2R-associated membranous nephropathy: a single-centre retrospective analysis.
4894. Regional Analgesia for Truncal Surgeries: Reply.
4895. Beyond scope of practice: a prescribing autonomy framework to support  early-career prescribers.
4896. The cysteine metabolic regulation through CSE-transsulfuration pathway is  essential in iron-induced oxidative damage of heart.
4897. Age of Sexual Consent in India and Beyond: Legal Tensions Between Child  Protection, Adolescent Development, and Public Health.
4898. Reply to the Letter to the Editor by Agrawal Regarding: Comparative Analysis of  Postoperative Rotational Malalignment in Pediatric Supracondylar Humerus  Fractures: Cross Pinning Versus Lateral Para-Olecranon Pinning.
4899. Therapeutic alliance in intensive PTSD treatment with a therapist rotation  model.
4900. Local delivery of SBRT and IL-12 to murine PDAC tumors modulates hematopoiesis.
4901. One-step cleavage and purification: a bifunctional IdeS-Protein A fusion protein  for on-column generation of antibody fragments.
4902. Genetic variants of the transporter SLC22A4 affect the abundance and survival of  Fusobacterium nucleatum in colorectal cancer.
4903. Revolutionizing dermatological diagnostics: emerging surface enhanced Raman  spectroscopy for early-stage detection and disease management.
4904. Response to Methodological Concerns Regarding Eligibility Criteria and Study  Selection in a Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of CAR T-Cell Therapy for  Hematologic Malignancies.
4905. Targeting regulatory T cells in the prostate cancer microenvironment: From  mechanisms to therapeutics (Review).
4906. Trajectories and Adaptive Recalibration of Self-Efficacy in Brazilian Medical  Students: A Longitudinal Study With Implications for Educational Support.
4907. Are Women Accepted at Work? Gender Discrimination in Chinese Firms.
4908. The Role of Hematopoietic Cell Transplantation in Ataxia-Telangiectasia.
4909. Comparative Effects of Emerging Lp(a)-Lowering Agents and PCSK9-Directed  Therapies on Lipoprotein(a): A Network Meta-Analysis of Randomised Clinical  Trials.
4910. Safety Profile of Sclerosing Agents in the Management of Low-Flow Vascular  Malformations of the Head and Neck-A Systematic Review.
4911. Reply to the Letter to the Editor 'Why a Unified TIR-TITR Equation Still  Requires Bounded Calibration and Endpoint Anchoring'.
4912. Classic Psychedelics for Chronic Pain: A Critical Review of the Literature and  Practical Advice for Clinicians.
4913. The direction of cardiomyocyte growth is orchestrated by microtubule dynamics.
4914. Improvement of Checklist for Briefing in Apheresis Therapy and Its Efficacy.
4915. Early ileostomy closure: The case is not closed.
4916. Corrigendum to "Dietary yeast hydrolysate and brewer's yeast supplementation  could enhance growth performance, innate immunity capacity and ammonia nitrogen  stress resistance ability of Pacific white shrimp (Litopenaeus vannamei)" [Fish  Shellfish Immunol. 82 (2018) 121-129].
4917. Retraction notice to "Resveratrol potentiates the anti-tumor effects of  rapamycin in papillary thyroid cancer: PI3K/AKT/mTOR pathway involved" [Arch.  Biochem. Biophys. 689 (2020) 108461].
4918. Erratum to "Corrigendum to "Genomic insights unveil taxonomic incongruities and  evolutionary origins of solifuges across the southern Levant" [Mol. Phylogenet.  Evol. 218 (2026) 108554]".
4919. "They don't think much of you if you're using": Stigma among criminalised people  who smoke methamphetamine in Victoria, Australia.
4920. Trustwork: A conceptual framework of trust building and maintenance in field  research in illicit drug markets.
4921. Presence, absence, and contingent engagement: mobilising care in the endgame of  hepatitis C elimination.
4922. The Impact of Anticholinergic Burden on the Development of Mild Behavioral  Impairment.
4923. Corrigendum to "Urinary Exosomal miR-17-5p Accelerates Bladder Cancer Invasion  by Repressing its Target Gene ARID4B and Regulating the Immune Microenvironment"  [Clinical Genitourinary Cancer 22/2 (2024) 569-579.e1].
4924. Smartphone-assisted fluorescence and colorimetric dual-mode sensor for visual  quantitative detection of nitrite and nitrate in real samples.
4925. Dual-mode electrochemical-SERS detection of chloramphenicol based on dual-signal  enhancement.
4926. A porous phosphate-rich β-cyclodextrin polymer for efficient and broad-spectrum  enrichment of antibiotics.
4927. Non-destructive forensic identification and quantification of cocaine through  sealed packaging using FT-NIR spectroscopy and hyperspectral imaging.
4928. Dual-affinity magnetic covalent organic framework with Ti(4+) and boronic acid  moieties for pH-Controlled quantitative analysis of nucleoside metabolites in  rat urine.
4929. Programmable Fc-encoded DNA tile-cube capture enables a thrombin-activated  ratiometric ECL/SERS biosensor via a PAM-engineered toehold switch and  CRISPR/Cas12a cleavage.
4930. Chiral separation of phenoxypropionic acid herbicides via capillary  electrochromatography based on dummy template-chiral molecularly imprinted  polymers.
4931. Rethinking local spectral modelling: From per-query refitting to model  libraries.
4932. An instrument-free height readout biosensing device based on gold  nanobipyramid-loaded hydrogel for point-of-care detection of acid phosphatase  and the BRCA1 gene.
4933. Impact of User Responses to Smart MDI Notifications: Insights From a  Longitudinal Real-World Study of 2604 Smart MDI System Users.
4934. Burst suppression in disorders of consciousness: Automated screening, severity  quantification, and neurophysiological profiling.
4935. STAU1 fine-tunes adipose thermogenesis by regulating Ucp1 mRNA stability.
4936. Trans-10, cis-12 conjugated linoleic acid modulates offspring hepatic lipid  metabolism by activating AMPK pathway associated with altered gut microbiota.
4937. Feasibility of digitizing multiple tissue-level implants without scan bodies for  fixed dental prostheses.
4938. Survey on the acceptability of digital impression procedures in care-dependent  older adults in Zurich: an exploratory study.
4939. Comprehensive phytochemical and pharmacological investigation of Cynoglossum  clandestinum desf. ethanolic leaf extract: In vitro, In vivo, and In silico  assessment of antioxidant, anti-inflammatory, and antidepressant properties.
4940. Excess glucose shapes mitochondrial metabolism and redox state in human primary  white adipocytes.
4941. The mitochondrial protein Timm13 promotes liver fibrosis by activating TGFβ  signaling through Hsp90aa1.
4942. Pathology illustrates pathogenesis of indium lung diseases in rats induced by  indium-tin oxide nanoparticles.
4943. Shaping breast cancer progression in obesity: Insights from advanced models and  omics tools.
4944. A phenylketonuria mouse model exhibits EEG spike-wave discharges: Effects of  sleep deprivation and low-Phe diet.
4945. Liver-brain axis mechanism underlying central immune remodeling triggered by  peripheral hepatic damage.
4946. miR-148a-3p is elevated in serum of PCOS women and modulates ALDH1A3-retinoic  acid signaling to reduce estrogen synthesis in granulosa-like cells.
4947. Associations of single and mixed air pollution exposure with lung function and  incident pulmonary fibrosis: The mediation effect of low-grade inflammation.
4948. Differential impacts of perfluorobutane sulfonate on earthworm gut and soil  microbiota: Linking host gut injury and digestive dysfunction to microbial  dysbiosis.
4949. Integrating artificial intelligence into drug delivery systems: Formulation  development and current challenges.
4950. Impact of gastric mixing and water intake on postprandial pharmacokinetics of  orally disintegrating tablets: A PBBM-based study.
4951. Development and internal validation of a bioimpedance-based predictive model for  assessing fat-free mass in infants, children and adolescents: Accuracy meets  practicality.
4952. Differing Emu Oil sources yield similar outcomes whilst Ostrich Oil demonstrates  minimal effect in a rat model of chemotherapy-induced mucositis.
4953. Are there overlooked precursors? Unveiling the formation of dichloroacetonitrile  from ammonia and nitrogen-free organic matter during UV/chlorine treatment.
4954. Optimization of simultaneous bicarbonate recovery and energy generation in a  carbon-capture reverse electrodialysis system using response surface  methodology.
4955. Life-cycle and techno-economic analyses of agro-waste-derived biodegradable  plastics enhanced via AI-based parametric optimization.
4956. The subjective effects of △9-tetrahydrocannabinol: A systematic review and  dose-response meta-regression.
4957. Effects of reward anticipation on memory encoding and cognitive control  outcomes: A meta-analysis.
4958. Behaviorally informed electronic health record decision support to reduce urine  drug testing and testing disparities at birth: a quality improvement study.
4959. Multigenerational effects of perinatal glyphosate exposure in rats:  Developmental alterations, increased mortality and oxidative imbalance.
4960. Huaier counteracts sorafenib resistance in hepatocellular carcinoma by  activating NCOA4-mediated ferritinophagy to induce ferroptosis via modulation of  iron and lipid metabolism.
4961. Air nanobubbles reduce methane and ammonia but increase nitrous oxide emissions  from dairy lagoon wastewater.
4962. Mitigating greenhouse gas emissions in constructed wetlands under intermittent  aeration: insights from solid-phase biological carbon source utilization.
4963. Dual controllability de-differentiation of functional brain networks in major  depressive disorder: Insights from large-scale neuroimaging and transcriptomic  integration.
4964. Integrative network toxicology and machine learning identify AKR1C3 as a  candidate functional target of cypermethrin in colorectal cancer.
4965. A first insight into the diversity of pathogenic Leptospira serogroups in human  cases from Ecuador.
4966. Use of cangrelor in patients with reduced renal function: Post-hoc analysis from  the ARCANGELO study.
4967. Diverging trajectories of cardiorenal protection: From early benefit to late  attenuation with multifactorial target achievement across cardiovascular  kidney-metabolic syndrome stages.
4968. High-concentration estradiol promotes platelet activation and thrombosis through  Src-ADP axis.
4969. The holistic development of elite male hockey players in Canada.
4970. Polymicrobial periodontal infection selectively alters the fecal microbiome in  mice: Implications for the oral-gut microbial axis.
4971. Management of pediatric sialorrhea: A systematic review with a stepwise  evidence-based clinical algorithm.
4972. A national analysis of rehospitalizations following open lower extremity  revascularization.
4973. Enhanced synergistic tumor phototherapy based on engineered MXene/AgInS₂ quantum  dot heterostructures.
4974. A novel non-destructive approach for cashmere authenticity: Combining  spectroscopic techniques and machine learning algorithms.
4975. Lysosome-targeted near-infrared fluorescent probes for monitoring aβ plaques in  vivo and aβ monomers dynamic degradation in vitro.
4976. Non-invasive urinary FTIR spectroscopy for early diagnosis and monitoring of  diabetic nephropathy.
4977. Brain-derived HMGB1 mediates periodontal inflammation after ischemic stroke  through the STAT3/NLRP3 inflammasome pathway.
4978. Peripheral mechanisms of tactile sensation in fish.
4979. Single-atom-pair encoded photoelectrochemical sensing of tacrolimus in whole  blood for monitoring-informed immunosuppression in organ transplantation.
4980. Ratiometric self-calibration strategy based on conductive hydrogen bond organic  framework for reliable biosensing of peanut allergen Ara h 1.
4981. GHG emissions and mitigation potential in decentralised composting supply chain:  Insights from 517 residential sites across multiple cities.
4982. Electrocardiogram-based short-term risk stratification for acute kidney injury  using time-frequency deep learning analysis.
4983. Modeling and simulation of enhanced pipe detection performance via zero group  velocity combined harmonics generated by counter-directional guided waves  mixing.
4984. Acoustic measurement methods and spatiotemporal distribution patterns of  microbubble spectra in water under artificial aeration conditions.
4985. HmWRKY22-HmABCG1 regulatory module mediates aluminum tolerance through enhanced  translocation and antioxidant defense.
4986. Laboratory‑scale leaching behavior and partitioning mechanism of PFAS during  organic solvent-assisted site soil washing.
4987. Image-based consensus molecular subtypes and colon cancer recurrence:  Understanding the impact of lifestyle factors across subtypes of colon cancer.
4988. Impact of higher versus lower PEEP on mortality in mechanically ventilated  patients with Sepsis - A multicenter, multi-cohort observational analysis.
4989. An ultrasensitive Fiber ring laser platform for detection of trace-level  Enrofloxacin with a functionalized microfiber sensitized by COF-V@ENR apt/DA  film.
4990. Enzymatic modification of black bean dough: Mechanisms for enhancing  physicochemical properties, noodle quality and frozen storage stability.
4991. Characterization and intrinsic correlations of xylose-cysteine Maillard reaction  products across different reaction processes: Insights into reaction degree,  functional group variations, antioxidant potential and aroma formation.
4992. Analysis of key aroma attributes and characteristic volatile compounds in  multiple rice varieties.
4993. Non-linear stiffness and damping properties of human intervertebral discs in  compression and flexion at high-rates of loading.
4994. Elevated hair cortisol concentrations in trauma-exposed adolescents who engage  in nonsuicidal self-injury.
4995. Bifidobacterium longum alleviation of metabolic dysfunction-associated steatotic  liver disease: A multi-omics landscape of microbiota and metabolome  reconfiguration.
4996. A Longitudinal Study of Antimicrobial Resistance in Oral Bacterial Isolates From  Periodontitis Patients in Taiwan.
4997. The Effect of miR-129-5p on the Proliferation and Osteogenic Differentiation of  Human Dental Pulp Stem Cells.
4998. Curiosity and evidence quality affect information seeking and eye movements  during reading.
4999. Super-enhancer-driven ITGB2-AS1 promotes ovarian cancer progression by binding  to IQGAP1.
5000. Eco-friendly fabrication of ZnO nanoparticles from Syzygium cumini seeds for  potential anticancer and respiratory antimicrobial applications.
5001. An antibody targeting the proximal extracellular domain of OSMRβ inhibits IL-31  signaling: mechanism and structural insights.
5002. A mixed-methods study of the development and evaluation of an Internal Family  Systems (IFS)-based group intervention for post-traumatic cognitions and fear of  compassion among trauma-exposed adolescents in Out-of-Home Care (OOHC).
5003. Childhood maltreatment and violent discipline among Chinese elementary school  teachers: The mediating role of attitudes and the moderating role of  occupational stress.
5004. Dual system involvement: A scoping review on the intersection of child welfare  and juvenile justice systems.
5005. Enhanced prognostic score for breast cancer brain metastases incorporating  contemporary clinical features and leptomeningeal disease: Development and  validation.
5006. Asperosaponin VI ameliorates osteoporosis via skeletal muscle-derived  FGF-2-mediated osteoblast differentiation.
5007. Influence of gastrointestinal nematode species on the salivary anti-CarLA IgA  response in Ontario ewe lambs.
5008. Investigation of acylcarnitine profile in naturally infected calves with  Cryptosporidium parvum.
5009. Visual memory impairment in medication-free obsessive-compulsive disorder  without psychiatric comorbidity: A CANTAB paired associates learning study.
5010. A sustainable approach to 1,3-Oxathiolan-5-ones and their identification as a  new anthelmintic scaffold.
5011. Characterizing the effects of MSC lipid remodeling via sphingomyelinase  licensing through morphological, metabolic, and secretome profiling.
5012. Photoelectrochemical interface mediated by S-scheme charge transfer and p-n  heterojunction: Ultrasensitive detection of the emerging contaminant ornidazole.
5013. Hollow multi-shelled CoFe Prussian blue analogues for high-performance aqueous  potassium-ion batteries.
5014. Insights into efficient activation of H(2)O(2) by sulfur-doped CuFeO(2):  Important role of sulfur and sulfamethoxazole oxidation.
5015. The effect of temperature on in situ β-cyclodextrin inclusion complex aggregate  films at liquid-liquid interfaces.
5016. A multiscale attention network for mixed artifact suppression in AFM images.
5017. Diagnostic Outcomes of Robotic Bronchoscopy in a Multidisciplinary,  Multi-hospital Lung Nodule Program.
5018. Discussing diseases in everyday talk: Examining the roles of medical and phatic  patient-provider communication in promoting Chinese patients' healthy lifestyle  behaviors.
5019. Aspirin protects trophoblast function against hypoxia-induced oxidative stress  through activation of NRF2 signaling in preeclampsia.
5020. Utility, validity and acceptability of survey depression and anxiety screening  tools for routine multiple sclerosis clinic administration.
5021. PIRA should not be interpreted interchangeably with broad disability  progression: Comment on Solís-Tarazona et al.
5022. Population genomics uncovers global distribution, antimicrobial resistance, and  virulence factors of Streptococcus suis.
5023. Dual-target antibacterial agents: Bridging molecular relationships to  synergistic mechanisms.
5024. Design, synthesis, and biological evaluation of novel ICA-II derivatives as  anti-hepatocellular carcinoma agents targeting EGFR.
5025. Design, synthesis and evaluation of an uncharged broad spectrum quinoline-oxime  hybrid for the reactivation of nerve agent-inhibited human acetylcholinesterase.
5026. Identifying a Refractory Shock Phenotype in Pediatric Sepsis Using a  Vasoactive-Adjusted Shock Index.
5027. SegPainter: User-Controllable Face Inpainting via Mask-Aware Semantic  Segmentation-Guided Mamba.
5028. Trends in Bilateral Cochlear Implantation Among Children, Adults, and Older  Adults in the United States.
5029. Parental motivations, facilitators, and barriers to participating in a pediatric  vaccine trial in Kathmandu, Nepal: A qualitative study.
5030. Prevalence of elevated mental health symptoms, hazardous alcohol and other drug  use, and their co-occurrence across sexual and gender identity in a national  probability sample.
5031. A Case of Linear IgA Bullous Dermatosis of Childhood With Ocular Involvement: A  Diagnostic Challenge.
5032. Emerging topical nonsteroidal therapies in pediatric dermatology: atopic  dermatitis, psoriasis, alopecia areata, vitiligo, and seborrheic dermatitis.
5033. Examining the Serial Advantage in Fluent and Dysfluent Readers.
5034. Stability of Transgender Identity in Adolescents Seen in Multidisciplinary  Specialized Gender Centers: A Multicenter Study in Canada.
5035. Design, synthesis, and anti-inflammatory evaluation of novel analogues derived  from the natural product reticuline.
5036. Consistency of a Dementia Diagnosis Between Systems for Patients Receiving Care  Through the VA, Traditional Medicare, and Medicare Advantage.
5037. Brief cognitive behavioral therapy for chronic pain in primary care-feasible or  pipe dream?
5038. Validating the accuracy of the YuWell YE680B automated upper-arm blood pressure  monitor in pediatric and adult populations according to the Association for the  Advancement of Medical Instrumentation/European Society of  Hypertension/International Organization for Standardization (ISO  81060-2:2018/Amd.1:2020/Amd.2:2024).
5039. Allelic expression and subgenome bias influence plant height in cultivated  hybrid sugarcane.
5040. Extensive necrotizing fasciitis of the thoracic wall and retroperitoneum  following penetrating trauma: A case report of severe septic shock and  multistage surgical management.
5041. Knee dislocation associated with patellar tendon rupture: case report and  literature review.
5042. Comprehensive metabolic characterization of pediatric ependymomas.
5043. Evaluation of whole and ground linseed on serum thyroid hormone,  physio-metabolic parameters, and growth performance in beetal goat kids in the  semi-arid region of Northern India.
5044. Effect of depression screening on future depressive symptoms in a persistent  pain population: mediation analysis.
5045. Molecular investigation of Bartonella infection among immunocompromised patients  in Iran.
5046. Structure-guided surface engineering to improve the catalytic activity of  ethylene-forming enzyme.
5047. Analysis of the differential clinical characteristics of tuberculosis and  nontuberculous mycobacterial diseases among AIDS patients.
5048. A physician-modified endograft for intercostal arteries preservation and its  role as an endovascular strategy in chronic aortic dissection.
5049. Traumatic genicular artery false aneurysm.
5050. Direct puncture and NBCA embolization for refractory lymphatic leakage after  inguinal lymphadenectomy in the absence of puncturable lymph nodes guided by  lymphoscintigraphy.
5051. A Man With Acute Painless Visual Loss.
5052. Effect of quercetin on osteoblast dysfunction in osteoporotic rats by regulating  Nrf2/SLC7A11/GPX4 pathway-mediated ferroptosis.
5053. pH-responsive nano immunomodulator for rheumatoid arthritis therapy via  macrophages pyroptosis inhibiting and reprograming.
5054. Voices of Hanford Workers Exposed to Chemical Vapors: Interactions with  Workplace, Safety, Health Care and Compensation Systems.
5055. CNGCs in Marchantia paleacea uncouple arbuscular mycorrhizal symbiosis and  rhizoid development.
5056. Five-Year Outcomes With Delandistrogene Moxeparvovec in Patients With Duchenne  Muscular Dystrophy: A Phase 1/2a Study.
5057. The Impact of Substrate Properties on the Kinematics of Locomotion in a  Limb-Reduced Skink, Ablepharus kitaibelii (Squamata: Scincidae).
5058. Integrated transcriptome and metabolome reveal Mycoplasma hyopneumoniae -induced  lipid accumulation, inflammation, oxidative stress, and energy imbalance in the  liver of pigs.
5059. Corrigendum to "Erythropoietin targets parvalbumin-positive inhibitory neurons  and microglia to promote plasticity in the thalamic reticular nucleus"  [Neuropharmacology 297 (2026) 111025].
5060. Pathophysiology and Treatment of Hepatic Encephalopathy.
5061. Viral Hepatitis.
5062. Heterogeneity of Treatment Effects Across Nine Glucose-Lowering Drug Classes in  Type 2 Diabetes: Extension of the LEGEND-T2DM Network Study.
5063. Short-Term Combined Treatment With Tirzepatide and Metformin for  Overweight/Obese Chinese Women With Polycystic Ovary Syndrome: A Prospective,  Open-Label, Randomised Controlled Trial.
5064. Diabetes Management Through Glucose Dynamics Analysis Network: A Novel Approach  for Accurate Blood Glucose Level Forecasting.
5065. A novel SLC2A10 gain-of-function variant links glycolytic macrophage  polarization to chronic nonbacterial osteomyelitis.
5066. DEHA-induced hepatotoxicity identified from screening food packaging  non-phthalate plasticizers: An integrative computational, multi-omics, and  experimental exposure study.
5067. Stage-dependent association of Vitamin D receptor with macrophage polarization  in allergic rhinitis.
5068. Anti-inflammatory steroidal glycosides from Allium chinense G. don.
5069. Multisystem predictors of dynamic gait stability across fall risk in older  adults.
5070. Design, synthesis, and biological evaluation of BODIPY-based photoactivatable  Crizotinib prodrugs for precision cancer therapy.
5071. Cannabidiol-thiosemicarbazone exhibits dual tyrosinase inhibition and  antioxidant activity in human skin-derived cells.
5072. No expansion of MIS-c associated TCR Vβ 21.3(+) T-cells in pediatric Post-COVID  condition.
5073. Modest sensitivity of 24 h urine free cortisol LC-MS/MS to detect Cushing's  disease.
5074. Duration-dependent transition from reversible to persistent depressive-like  behaviors following chronic circadian misalignment: Involvement of impaired  BDNF-TrkB signaling and myelin loss.
5075. Novel female murine alveolar osteoblasts responsive to hormones and mechanical  forces.
5076. Tumor immune microenvironment predicts recurrence after radiotherapy in  oropharyngeal squamous cell carcinoma.
5077. Forsythiaside A attenuates sepsis-induced acute lung injury by suppressing  EGR1/GLS2-mediated ferroptosis-associated lipid peroxidation.
5078. Phytochemical engineered quantum dots as potential therapy to counter alpha  synuclein aggregation in Parkinson's disease.
5079. Dorsal hippocampal CA3 to CA1 circuit maintains contextual cocaine memories in a  rat model of drug relapse.
5080. Clinical and system-level predictors of postacute care use among rural emergency  general surgery patients.
5081. Temporal dynamics of mortality risk from short-term air pollution exposure in  Canada: An epidemiological analysis using time-varying non-linear models.
5082. Association between per- and polyfluoroalkyl exposures and postpartum  psychological symptoms: Evidence from two population-based pregnancy cohorts.
5083. A structurally conserved Attacin mediates IMD-dependent intestinal immunity  against Vibrio parahaemolyticus in Eriocheir sinensis.
5084. Novel transfersome-based vaccine delivery for red tilapia: Enhancing  immunization against Francisella orientalis using bacteriocin from cell-free  supernatants.
5085. Rosmarinic acid in Suhuang antitussive capsule alleviates cough variant asthma  by targeting EGFR.
5086. Efficient biodegradation of phthalate esters by Bacillus tequilensis L26:  Identification and surface display of functional phthalate ester hydrolase.
5087. Two-stage microbial assembly and compact co-occurrence networks in encapsulated  biofiller AAOA systems with low sludge yield.
5088. Nexus between influent organic carbon fractions and carbon capture patterns in  high-rate contact stabilization process: Insights from dissolved organic matter  fate.
5089. Bacteria and viruses associated with antibiotic resistome in hyperthermophilic  co-composting of cow manure and mushroom residue.
5090. Performance and microbial community dynamics in full-scale anaerobic  co-digesters fed with fats, oils and grease.
5091. Combined senolytics induce varied phenotypic and functional responses on  senescent phenotypes of mesenchymal stromal cell populations.
5092. Neuwlectin, a novel C-type lectin from Bothrops neuwiedi venom, inhibits  platelet aggregation induced by cancer cells and angiogenesis.
5093. The environmental estrogen Bisphenol (A) enhances lung cancer progression in  vitro and in vivo in presence of estradiol by targeting PI3k/Akt pathway.
5094. Interspecific differences in microplastic accumulation and polymer profiles from  regurgitated pellets of coexisting raptors.
5095. Integrative epidemiological and experimental evidence implicates  CCNA2-associated macrophage-hepatocyte crosstalk in dimethyl phosphate  exposure-associated NAFLD.
5096. PARP1 modulates BBB function via regulating NLRC5 in cerebral endothelial cells  during ischemic stroke.
5097. Spectacular Saga: Phylogenetics and phylogeography of the Indian spectacled  cobra (Naja naja Linnaeus, 1758).
5098. EGFR suppression mediates aurantio-obtusin-induced autophagy-dependent  ferroptosis in breast cancer cells.
5099. Role of homocysteine in renal tubular epithelial-mesenchymal transition:  N-homocysteinylation of β-catenin impairs FUNDC1-dependent autophagy and  mitochondrial quality control.
5100. Metronome-paced tachypnea test cutoff value for detecting dynamic hyperinflation  in COPD: A diagnostic accuracy study.
5101. Neuronal Syndecan reduction modulates age- and sex-specific changes in sleep  architecture and metabolic remodeling in Drosophila melanogaster.
5102. Reply to: "Ketogenic diets in MASLD: methodological limitations and the  confounding role of protein intake".
5103. Delgocitinib cream for adolescents with moderate to severe chronic hand eczema  (DELTA TEEN): a multicentre, double-blind, phase 3 randomised controlled trial.
5104. Exploring AI scribes in Norwegian general practice: a qualitative individual  interview study.
5105. Ambiguity and confirmatory reward learning.
5106. Optimising screening efficiency in evidence synthesis on health Technology: A  simulation study using ASReview.
5107. Finding safety in the mask: how platform anonymity and the COVID-19 pandemic  affect domestic violence disclosures.
5108. Green synthesis of biscoumarin derivatives as anti-psoriatic agents targeting  PI3K/AKT/JAK2 signaling pathways.
5109. Synthesis of α,γ-disubstituted-β-hydroxy-γ-lactones and evaluation of their  anti-trypanosomatid activities.
5110. Palladium-catalyzed C(sp(3))-H arylation of celastrol: synthesis and  pharmacological evaluation of C-21/28 arylated derivatives.
5111. Association of dietary intake and serum levels of unsaturated fatty acids and  risk of pancreatic cancer: A GRADE-assessed systematic review and dose-response  meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies.
5112. Temporal trends in cancer-specific and other-cause mortality disparities in  uterine cancer.
5113. Health selection at out- and return migration in Manitoba, Canada. A  retrospective matched cohort register study.
5114. Artificial Intelligence-Mediated Teledentistry for Ageing Populations: Toward  Intelligent Intermediary Support in Home-Based Oral Care.
5115. The degradation and greenhouse gas emissions of microplastic-derived dissolved  organic matter: Role of mineral and polymer types.
5116. Acute, chronic, and embryonic toxicity of bifenazate in Biomphalaria glabrata.
5117. Threshold-dependent control of ARG removal in global wastewater treatment  plants: Molecular mechanisms of low-abundance functional genes deciphered via  metagenomics and explainable AI.
5118. MIL-101(Cr) disrupts algal carbon fixation by intercepting photosynthetic  electron flow: Implications for aquatic primary productivity.
5119. Oncolytic vesicular stomatitis virus modulates invadopodia morphology and  inhibits invasive behaviors in Src-transformed fibroblasts.
5120. Impact of a blinded journal club on student pharmacist knowledge and retention.
5121. Generation of a lymphoblastoid-derived induced pluripotent stem cell line  (CBRCULi021-A) from a healthy donor for disease modeling.
5122. Effects of childhood trauma on indicators of daily suicide risk: The role of  stress and sleep.
5123. Age-dependent spatial patterns of gastrointestinal parasites in goats across an  extensive mountainous system in Argentina.
5124. Discordant pN2 Staging in HPV-Associated Oropharyngeal Cancer: CAP/AJCC 9 vs.  NCCN/AJCC 8 - Time for Alignment.
5125. Does tooth extraction increase the risk of MRONJ in oncologic Patients? A  systematic review and Meta-Analysis.
5126. Platelet lipid rafts: Disease regulatory hubs and precision therapeutic targets  in membrane microdomains.
5127. Electrostatic control of membrane disruption and amorphous coaggregation by  dynorphin A variants.
5128. Hepatic Senp2 deletion resolves the angiogenic switch in fibrosis via  β-catenin/LECT2.
5129. Integrated machine learning and computational approaches for identifying NLRP3  inhibitors from Jeevaneeya Rasayana in epilepsy.
5130. DFT study on interaction of anticancer drugs with Pd(2)L(4) metallo-organic cage  carrier.
5131. Predicting sleep state from continuous positive airway pressure flow in patients  with obstructive sleep apnea.
5132. Protocadherins in solid tumors: mechanisms, clinical implications, and  therapeutic horizons.
5133. Kirenol, a diterpene active component from Siegesbeckia orientalis, alleviates  atopic dermatitis by suppressing TYK2.
5134. Sophoraflavanone G alleviates ulcerative colitis in mice by reshaping the gut  microbiome and restoring the Th17/Treg balance through the PI3K/AKT/NF-κB  signaling pathway.
5135. Interpretable machine learning and greenness assessment for sustainable  tetracycline adsorption and phytotoxicity mitigation using almond peel - derived  activated carbon.
5136. A hybrid analytical and numerical approach for backscattering of leaky Rayleigh  waves from inclusions at an inviscid fluid/solid boundary.
5137. MRISce: an interactive autonomous driving test scenario generation method based  on multi-agent reinforcement learning.
5138. Robust cross-domain generalization using unlabeled target data with  source-domain supervision.
5139. A pH/glutathione-dual-responsive drug-loaded heterostructure nanozyme for  synergistic chemotherapy/chemodynamic therapy against melanoma.
5140. Phase reconstruction of Ni(2)P/NiSe(2) heterostructure with co doping as  bifunctional electrocatalyst for boosting overall water splitting.
5141. Dietary energy level modulates dietary silver nanoparticle toxicity in zebrafish  (Danio rerio): Growth, oxidative stress, fatty acid composition, and  bioaccumulation.
5142. A dual-gate organic photoelectrochemical transistor with balanced photoanode  voltage for ultrasensitive detection of miRNA-141.
5143. Internal-external dual cross-linked alginate/gelatin composite hydrogel beads:  Structure and pH-responsive gastrointestinal delivery of bioactives.
5144. Spermidine in food and health: biosynthesis, dietary sources, production, and  biological functions.
5145. Rapid and efficient micro-solid phase extraction of atrazine in food and water  samples using an MXene-MOF-LDH nanocomposite prior to HPLC-DAD analysis.
5146. Influence of Caatinga honey floral origin on fermentation performance, chemical  composition, and bioactive profile of mead.
5147. Head and neck cancer survivors' experiences with eating and enjoying food three  to five years post-treatment: impacts on social lives and sense of identity - a  qualitative study.
5148. Development of arecoline-induced mouse model for oral submucous fibrosis: An in  vitro and in vivo study.
5149. THE incidence of medication-related osteonecrosis of the jaws (MRONJ) in rodent  animal models: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
5150. Discovery of novel 20S-protopanaxadiol derivatives in alleviating  sepsis-associated liver injury by modulating p65/p50 activity.
5151. SBA-15 nanostructures enable tumor-selective delivery of Ph(4)Sn with enhanced  anticancer activity in melanoma models.
5152. Characterizing the metabolomic fingerprint of fermented soymilk through the  development of phage-resistant Lactiplantibacillus plantarum mutants.
5153. Patient-reported symptom tracking and intervention in real time after pancreatic  surgery: A quality improvement project.
5154. A comprehensive review on SEBS gel as a synthetic human tissue surrogate.
5155. Paramedic Perspectives on Managing Agitation in Older Adults: A Descriptive  Mixed-Methods Cross-Sectional Survey in Alberta, Canada.
5156. Curtains.
5157. Immediate allergic reactions to penicillins: unanswered questions.
5158. Asthma in athletes: diagnostic challenges and management strategies.
5159. Assessment and treatment of adolescent hair loss.
5160. Asymmetric mitochondrial trafficking balances perinuclear biogenesis to maintain  network morphology.
5161. Simplex-based model for nanoparticle grain identification in four-dimensional  scanning transmission electron microscopy data.
5162. Non-immune hydrops fetalis (NIHF): diagnostic evaluation and lessons learned  from a case series.
5163. Complement Activation in Maternal and Placental Pathology of Preeclampsia.
5164. Pregnancy Weight Gain and Longer-Term Maternal Cardiometabolic Conditions.
5165. Proportions of M. Intracellulare and M. Avium among non-tuberculous mycobacteria  isolates in China: A Systematic review and Meta-Analysis.
5166. Intraoperative functional zero-position is associated with superior outcomes  after reverse total shoulder arthroplasty for cuff tear arthropathy: a  retrospective comparative study.
5167. Patient Education for innovative technology in shoulder arthroplasty: does  knowledge improve outcomes?
5168. Resolving parameter uncertainty in SIR models through population-level  serological surveillance: A synthetic study.
5169. CMML is in the eye of the be-WHO-lder: interrogating the newly proposed entity  of oligomonocytic CMML: MDS or CMML?
5170. Early predictors and outcomes of mechanical circulatory support use during  single lung transplant for secondary pulmonary hypertension: A large  single-center experience.
5171. The effects of varying dietary electrolyte balance levels in canola meal-based  diets on growth performance, ascites susceptibility, and nutrient digestibility  in cold-stressed broilers.
5172. Staged management of a Tile C3 pelvic ring injury with bilateral sacroiliac  disruption and T-shaped sacral fracture.
5173. A novel approach to Roy-Camille type 2 sacral fracture: Percutaneous lumbopelvic  fixation following manual hyperextension-assisted closed reduction.
5174. A case of tracheal injury with cricoid fracture due to blunt laryngeal trauma.
5175. Photoacoustic-ultrasound endoscopy for assessment of rectal cancer treatment  response: A prospective study with T2-weighted MRI radiomics comparison.
5176. Bio-based nanomaterials in drug delivery: An updated review.
5177. Delayed mycotic aneurysm of the superficial temporal artery.
5178. tRNA-derived small RNAs in ocular neovascular diseases: A systematic review.
5179. Big Endothelin-1 Predicts the long-term survival in patients undergoing septal  myectomy.
5180. Development and clinical validation of a multiplex visual POCT platform based on  RT-RAA-CRISPR/Cas12a for porcine diarrheal viruses.
5181. Comparative immunogenicity and cross-protection of wild-type and reverse  genetics H5N8 (clade 2.3.4.4b) oil-adjuvanted vaccines against circulating H5N1  avian influenza viruses from clades 2.3.4.4b and 2.2.1.2.
5182. Post-transplant anemia as a persistent risk factor for graft dysfunction in  kidney transplant recipients.
5183. A commensal protozoan exacerbates acetaminophen-induced liver injury by  producing free sphingosine.
5184. What You Have Determines What You Want to Feel: The Influence of Social Class on  Ideal Affect.
5185. Correction: Amygdala reactivity to threat, negative facial perception, and risk  of future psychiatric hospitalizations: a longitudinal study in major depressive  and bipolar disorders.
5186. Cancer prevention through metabolic remission.
5187. hsa-let-7c-3p Restrains the Proliferation-to-Osteogenesis Transition of Human  Periodontal Ligament Mesenchymal Stem/Stromal Cells via NT5E.
5188. Comment on "Psychotropic Medication Trends Before and After Suicide Attempt  Among Mid-to Late Life US Veterans With Bipolar Affective Disorder".
5189. Myeloid/lymphoid neoplasms with eosinophilia and ZMYM2::FLT3 fusion: clinical,  pathological and molecular clues to a cryptic diagnosis.
5190. Innovation and sustainability in immune-mediated diseases: An Italian  multidisciplinary consensus across gastroenterology, dermatology, and  rheumatology.
5191. Morphine and hydromorphone pharmacodynamics in human volunteers: sensitivity to  benefit-harm thresholds. Comment on Br J Anaesth 2026; 136: 1459-71.
5192. Intrathecal bupivacaine versus bupivacaine plus fentanyl for anaesthesia for  Caesarean delivery: noninferiority analysis and exclusions. Response to Br J  Anaesth 2026; 137: 285-286.
5193. The ER anchoring and abundance of the EEF1B complex is affected by  tissue-specific alternative EEF1D splicing.
5194. Precisely controlling full-color nanofilms for multi-level spatial-time-evolved  via phosphorescence decay.
5195. Water interactions, barrier properties, and biodegradation of cellulose acetate  butyrate and cellulose acetate propionate films.
5196. Thermally driven self-assembly of triterpenoid-fructan supramolecular particles  contributes significantly to the efficacy of Zexie Tang against MASH.
5197. Carboxymethyl chitosan/sodium alginate-based dynamic organic nanocomposite  hydrogel for local tumoral targeted therapy.
5198. Mechanisms underlying the modification of corn starch granules by raw  starch-degrading amylase with substrate-targeting specificity.
5199. Precise design of clean-label starch: Mechanisms underlying the regulation of  multiscale structure induced by non-thermal physical modification.
5200. Chitin-based fillers for thermoplastic composites: A critical review of  processing, properties, and performance.
5201. Lignin-containing cellulose nanofibril separators: Tailoring microstructure and  surface wettability via hydrothermal pretreatment and plasma activation for  sodium-ion batteries.
5202. Reverse-engineered ratiometric sensor assisted by dual redox-active DNA  intercalators for ultrasensitive and reliable detection of mercury(II).
5203. Electrochemically covalent lock stabilizes aptamer conformation and strengthens  its sensing performance for PFOA.
5204. Evaluation of extraction solvents for untargeted metabolomics in characterizing  Antarctic cryoconite hole dissolved organic matter.
5205. Comprehensive investigation of matrix effect evaluation approaches for reliable  quantification in bioanalysis using UHPLC-MS/MS.
5206. Cell-specific energy crisis in the ageing brain: Mitochondrial dynamics drives  neuron-glia metabolic uncoupling and neurodegeneration.
5207. Male rats with sexual experience present an inverse relation between theta  activity and attention toward receptive females.
5208. Activity of the major digestive enzymes in the great pond snail Lymnaea  stagnalis infected with Plagiorchiidae trematodes.
5209. G protein-coupled receptor 87 promotes lung adenocarcinoma progression and  metastasis via a histone lactylation-driven glycolytic feed-forward circuit.
5210. DMBX1 facilitates tumor progression via triggering epithelial-mesenchymal  transition and cancer cell stemness mediated by DMBX1/PAX2/SOX5 axis in prostate  cancer cells.
5211. Highlights from JAAD Case Reports: August 2026.
5212. A voter-model representation of the multi-allelic Moran process: Exact  stationary distributions and diversity thresholds from well-mixed populations to  complex networks.
5213. Design for a cluster randomized controlled trial to evaluate the impact of a  school-based fruit and vegetable co-op on cardiometabolic health of children and  parents in a persistent poverty area.
5214. IHGCN-PLA: An interpretable heterogeneous graph convolutional network for  protein-ligand binding affinity prediction with multimodal interaction fusion.
5215. RING1 is an Integrin α5 E3 ubiquitin ligase and inhibits esophageal squamous  cell carcinoma cell migration and metastasis.
5216. Trichomonas vaginalis somatic antigen effectively kills Staphylococcus spp. by  damaging the cell wall, but has no effect on Escherichia coli or Salmonella  enterica.
5217. The antiviral effect of TRPV1 antagonist SB-705498 against GCRV infection via  inflammation and apoptosis inhibition.
5218. Functional characterization of EcPSMB10: Suppression of RGNNV replication via  inhibiting autophagy in vitro.
5219. Improvement opportunities for P450 biocatalytic applications in the  pharmaceutical industry.
5220. Robotic repair of bilateral levator ani eventration.
5221. Neurotoxicity of 2,2',4,4'-tetrabromodiphenyl ether (BDE-47) during embryonic  zebrafish development.
5222. p75 neurotrophin receptor exacerbates neuronal apoptosis after intracerebral  hemorrhage by promoting OTUB1 ubiquitination and degradation.
5223. Spatio-temporal dynamics of brain function across depression severity in  binge-type eating disorders.
5224. Water-soluble anthocyanins from Vaccinium myrtillus L. alleviate diabetic kidney  disease by targeting ALOX15-mediated lipid peroxidation.
5225. Hydrolysable tannins from Pelargonium graveolens overcome bacterial virulence  and resistance through membrane and motility disruption.
5226. A journey toward understanding the vasopressin type 2 receptor function; impact  of small molecules and structural biology.
5227. Balancing chemical enhancement and biological inhibition: Unraveling the  metabolic trade-offs in iron-dosed denitrifying phosphorus removal systems.
5228. Plant litter facilitates biotic and abiotic removal of benzo[a]pyrene in  iron-based constructed wetlands.
5229. Multidimensional regulation of biological nitrogen removal by quorum sensing  signals: from molecular mechanisms to system enhancement.
5230. Direct interspecies electron transfer-based simplified microbial consortia for  high-efficiency conversion of lignocellulose to methane: Construction, metabolic  pathway and performance optimization.
5231. Long-term inhibition under continuous perfluorooctanoic acid exposure during  anaerobic digestion of waste microalgal-bacterial aerobic granular sludge:  Metagenomic-metatranscriptomic insights.
5232. Characterization and activity enhancement of a novel thermostable  3-quinuclidinone reductase through modulating the microenvironment of catalytic  residues.
5233. Advances in biosensors for monitoring immune responses and allograft rejection  in organ transplantation.
5234. Intracellular mitochondrial-subcellular communication: A regulator of myocardial  energy metabolic homeostasis in heart failure.
5235. Apabetalone mediates HIV-1 transcriptional activation and clearance of latently  infected cells via LncRNA OSER1-AS1.
5236. Functional assignments of the ubiquitination sites K62 and K230 of the human  ribosomal protein uS3 (RPS3).
5237. TBBPA-induced insulin reduction in two generations of marine medaka (Oryzias  melastigma) with calcium signaling as a key event.
5238. Synergistic dual-strategy incorporating hollow-structuring and deposition of  MoS(χ) conductive layer for enhancing photocatalytic activity of ZnO.
5239. Trends in acute specialist contacts following a primary care contact 2012-21-a  registry-based study.
5240. Pathologic spectrum of primary central nervous system sarcomas: A retrospective  Tertiary care centre study.
5241. Beyond mortality: Fipronil-induced disorientation and impaired survival in the  social wasp Polybia paulista.
5242. Nutrient fluxes are underestimated in the Qinghai Lake Basin, the largest  endorheic basin of the Asian water tower.
5243. Stable carbon capture and membrane fouling control in a high load  bioflocculation membrane reactor (HLB-MR) via low-intensity ex situ ultrasound:  Synergistic regulation of extracellular polymeric substances, metal ions, and  microorganisms.
5244. Simultaneous assessment of particle and dissolved emerging road pollutants in  roadside retention ponds under baseflow conditions.
5245. Atovaquone as a potent and safe anthelmintic against Gyrodactylus kobayashii in  goldfish: Efficacy, mechanism, and structure-based optimization.
5246. Scenario and leading vehicle-dependent car-following behaviors and risks: a  real-world comparison of automated and human-driven vehicles.
5247. Substrate-specific bacterial and fungal communities in the Jukskei River  plastisphere revealed by full-length amplicon sequencing.
5248. The moderating role of anxiety sensitivity in the association between momentary  PTSD symptoms and suicide cognitions.
5249. Clinical Response and Serum Concentrations in Low-Dose Lacosamide Monotherapy  for Children With Paroxysmal Kinesigenic Dyskinesia.
5250. Active and passive exposure to e-cigarette-related content online and patterns  of tobacco use among U.S. adolescents: A multigroup latent class analysis.
5251. Sleep traits, screen use, and emotional and behavioral problems: A short-term  longitudinal cross-lagged panel network analysis.
5252. Reduction in copper and pesticide levels in grape musts: A new asset for the  implementation of bioprotection in oenology.
5253. A stereotyped vocal episode was misdiagnosed as functional seizure.
5254. Discovery of 1,3-disubstituted indole derivatives as ATP-competitive inhibitors  of sphingosine kinase for tumor therapy.
5255. Impact of oral biotin supplementation on periodontal disease progression and  therapy in male rats.
5256. Efficient ultrasonic phased array focused wave imaging using retrospective  encoding and p-th root wavenumber-domain reconstruction.
5257. Functional and structural insights into a cold-active GH64  laminaripentaose-producing β-1,3-glucanase from Candidatus saccharibacteria.
5258. Two-stage anastomotic reconstruction after pancreatectomy (TARP procedure) - A  single-center retrospective case series.
5259. Ultrasonographic measurements of the uterus and ovaries for the diagnosis of  central precocious puberty: A retrospective diagnostic study.
5260. The art of semantics in radiology reporting.
5261. Learning-assisted locality optimisation in online suffix tree construction:  Formal analysis and empirical validation.
5262. American Association of Endocrine Surgeons statement on clinical productivity  and compensation for endocrine surgeons.
5263. Risk factors for adrenal insufficiency after adrenalectomy for mild autonomous  cortisol secretion.
5264. Warming-induced methylmercury production undermines the effects of mercury  mitigation in a temperate coastal bay.
5265. Multi-omics deciphers the enzymatic mechanisms of high-risk liquid crystal  monomer biodegradation by Gordonia alkanivorans QZP3.
5266. Overwhelmed, uncertain, or calm: Lessons from patients with acute infections in  the emergency department. A qualitative interview study.
5267. Household cooking fuel use and intrinsic capacity trajectories in middle-aged  and older adults: a longitudinal cohort study.
5268. Functional role and semantic structure shape word memorability: Cue-target  asymmetries in cued recall.
5269. Unravelling mechanism of tetrathiomolybdate (TTM) mediated copper sequestration  and copper-TTM complex formation in bovine serum albumin.
5270. Regression of T-LGL leukemia in a patient treated with sildenafil for pulmonary  hypertension.
5271. Misalignment between subjective and objective sleep in chronic pain: The role of  depressive symptoms.
5272. Aging reduces strain magnitude and heterogeneity while increasing apparent  stiffness of the rat proximal tibia.
5273. Postoperative Acetaminophen Use and Acute Kidney Injury in Abdominal Surgery: A  MIMIC-IV Analysis.
5274. Intraoperative dexamethasone and risk of postoperative infection after cesarean  delivery: a retrospective cohort study.
5275. Mechanisms underlying quality deterioration in pre-fermented frozen dough during  freeze-thaw cycles: Insights from yeast-dough interactions.
5276. Dispersive solid-phase microextraction for the UV-vis spectrophotometric  determination of riboflavin (vitamin B2) in foodstuffs and pharmaceuticals.
5277. Self-patterning hybrid membranes enable domain-specific immobilization of  responsive nanoassemblies.
5278. Maltreatment, social support, and mental well-being: A longitudinal observation  study of youth in five low- and middle-income countries.
5279. Alterations in gene expression and protein levels of extracellular  matrix-related molecules in major depressive disorder: Insights from analyses in  the hippocampus and prefrontal cortex.
5280. Comparative analysis of mesenchymal stromal cells derived from ovarian  follicular aspirates of young and aged mares.
5281. Notice of Retraction: "Effect of Preoperative Oral Carbohydrate Loading on Body  Temperature During Combined Spinal-Epidural Anesthesia for Elective Cesarean  Delivery".
5282. The dual pathogenic role of IL-24 in sepsis: Coupling bacterial dissemination  with inflammatory amplification as a therapeutic target.
5283. Opposing actomyosin pools establish epithelial polarity during naive  pluripotency exit.
5284. New long-acting local anesthetics: recent formulations and safety.
5285. Simultaneous Epidermoid Cyst and Facial Nerve Schwannoma at the Geniculate  Ganglion.
5286. High-intensity interval training is associated with improvements in ambulatory  blood pressure, arterial stiffness, and gut-derived metabolites in adults with  hypertension.
5287. Comment on "Symptom and Handicap Severity in Subacute Dizzy Patients: The Role  of Gaze Position Error in Video Head Impulses".
5288. Growth Patterns of Small Intracanalicular Vestibular Schwannomas.
5289. Albumin as a dynamic extracellular redox regulator: from Cys34 oxidation  biomarkers to polysulfide-mediated homeostatic mechanisms and clinical  applications.
5290. Corneal and Intraocular Pressure Responses to Scleral Lens Wear: A  Meta-Analysis.
5291. Dectin-1 signaling promotes Galectin-3 shedding and expansion of  immunosuppressive CD71+ erythroid cells in breast cancer.
5292. A cytosolic IF1 reporter enables real-time visualization of severe mitochondrial  membrane damage.
5293. Unraveling the enigma of digestion: a digital educational activity as a tool for  teaching digestive system physiology.
5294. Association of self-efficacy and self-management with multiple sclerosis  patients' quality of life: a descriptive-analytical study.
5295. Critical Methodological Gaps in Brain Volume Review: A Reader's Perspective?
5296. Management of Diuretic Induced Hypokalemia in Elderly Hypertensives.
5297. Digital divide and health status among rural older adults in China: evidence  from CHARLS.
5298. Lateralization in scalp EEG brain connectivity during hand motor imagery can  improve task classification for brain-computer interfaces.
5299. Selective Motor Stimulation of the Pudendal Nerve Using Multi-Contact Cuff  Electrodes: A Pre-Clinical Study in Feline and Ovine Models.
5300. Exogenous pipecolic acid ameliorates lead-induced phytotoxicity in chili  (Capsicum annuum L.) by enhancing antioxidant capacity and physiological  homeostasis.
5301. Comment on: Investigating Biomarkers for Inborn Errors of Immunity in a  Prospective Study of Patients With Autoimmune Cytopenia.
5302. Effectiveness of the 10-valent pneumococcal non-typeable Haemophilus influenzae  protein D conjugate vaccine (PCV10) against hypoxic pneumonia in children in  Maha Sarakham Province, Thailand.
5303. Hypertension in autoimmune rheumatic diseases - a position paper from the  European Society of Hypertension working group on small arteries. Part B:  Recommendations for the clinical management of hypertension.
5304. Hypertension in autoimmune rheumatic diseases: a position paper from the  European Society of Hypertension working group on small arteries. Part A:  pathophysiology, prevalence and cardiovascular risk estimation.
5305. Association of atherogenic index of plasma with urine albumin-to-creatinine  ratio in Chinese urban adults: a cross-sectional study.
5306. Prolactin and Triiodothyronine Modulate Seasonal Variation in Brown Adipose  Tissue in Djungarian Hamsters.
5307. Hidden metabolic risk in erectile dysfunction: Prevalence of undiagnosed  diabetes mellitus, prediabetes, and metabolic syndrome.
5308. Corrigendum to "Trigonelline mitigates bleomycin-induced pulmonary inflammation  and fibrosis: Insight into NLRP3 inflammasome and SPHK1/S1P/hippo signaling  modulation" [life sciences 336 (2024) 122272].
5309. Corrigendum to "Electronic key-lock matching underpins exclusive recognition of  hydrogen sulfide by fluorescent-nanozyme carbon dots" [Biosens. Bioelectron. 309  (2026) 118782].
5310. Feelings and emotions associated with job searching and working amongst people  receiving treatment for alcohol and other drugs.
5311. Differentiating Mummified Thyroid Nodules From Papillary Thyroid Carcinoma: A  Machine Learning Approach Using Multi-Modal Ultrasound Radiomics.
5312. Anatomy and Spread of Gingivobuccal Cancers.
5313. Flow-controlled ventilation: general settings and compliance-guided positive  end-expiratory pressure and driving pressure titration.
5314. Single-shot perineural femoral nerve block and falls following lower limb  orthopaedic surgery: validity of the pooled risk estimate in contemporary  practice. Response to Br J Anaesth 2026; 136: 1647-8.
5315. Corrigendum to "Plasma-enhanced microbial electrolytic disinfection: Decoupling  electro- and plasma-chemistry in plasma-electrolyzed oxidizing water using  ion-exchange membranes" [Water Research, 225(2022), 119174].
5316. ADAP2 drives immune-associated progression of esophageal cancer and serves as a  potential therapeutic target.
5317. Semaglutide 25 mg Oral Versus Semaglutide 2.4 mg Injectable: An Indirect  Treatment Comparison of Weight Loss Outcomes.
5318. Efficacy and Safety of Once-Weekly and Once-Daily Basal Insulins in Type 1  Diabetes Mellitus: A Systematic Review and Network Meta-Analysis of Clinical  Trials.
5319. CuCo(2)S(4)/COFs composite to efficiently activate peroxymonosulfate:  oxytetracycline degradation, reactive oxygen species, degradation routes and  ecotoxicity.
5320. From fragmented workflows to integrated pipelines: Bridging enzymatic DNA  synthesis, assembly, and MutS-based error correction.
5321. The obesity-osteoarthritis nexus: A bibliometric analysis of global research  trends and emerging frontiers.
5322. IgA vasculitis sibling clustering: From HLA-DRB1 genetic burden to nephritis  risk stratification.
5323. Interaction of tracheobronchial cough and expiration reflex in the cat.
5324. The mating engram: How copulation reshapes the male brain, body, and behavior.
5325. Mechanosensation and the brain-body axis: From survival needs to social  behaviours.
5326. Stress granules and tau pathology in Alzheimer's disease: A scoping review of  bidirectional interactions, liquid-liquid phase separation, and proteostatic  consequences.
5327. Synthesis of new class of fucoside and mannoside homo glycodendrimers  multivalent targeted ligands.
5328. Bimetallic Ce/Zr-MOF nanozyme for integrated colorimetric detection and  degradation of tetracycline in foods.
5329. Enantioselective migration, degradation, and metabolism of pyriproxyfen and its  metabolites from tea garden to cup.
5330. Unveiling the role of functional strains in flavor and bioactive compound  formation of Cili (Rosa roxburghii Tratt) kombucha during fermentation by  microbiota and metabolome.
5331. A green "Sandwich" multilayer membrane for food preservation: Introducing a  dense Interface between PBAT and paper for enhanced gas-barrier performance.
5332. Fluorescent sensors and microdevices: a comprehensive review on real-time visual  monitoring of freshness in meat and aquatic products.
5333. Integrative metabolomic profiling reveals comparable nutritional quality and  diminished sensory qualities in Porphyra yezoensis from January versus April  harvest.
5334. Arachidonic acid enhances chilling tolerance in banana fruit via coordinated  antioxidant system, energy homeostasis and phenylpropanoid metabolism.
5335. Chemical modifications of polyphenols by plasma-treated water: oxidation,  nitration, and adduct formation.
5336. Effects of nanoplastics and 17α-ethinylestradiol exposure on skeletal  development in zebrafish (Danio rerio) larvae.
5337. Quality evaluation of Rhododendri Mollis Flos formula granules by chemical and  dissolution fingerprinting using UPLC‑DAD and UPLC‑Q‑exactive orbitrap MS/MS.
5338. Endoscopic endonasal management of sellar/suprasellar arachnoid cysts: tailored  surgical strategies and systematic review.
5339. Intraoperative technologies in high grade glioma surgery: strategic  implementation for Asia-Pacific centers.
5340. Corrigendum to "Metabolic engineering of Pseudomonas putida KT2440 for  valorization of terephthalic acid to produce catechol and muconic acid" [New  Biotechnol. 93 (2026) 226-233].
5341. Validation and measurement invariance of a modified version of the marijuana  craving questionnaire-short form across community and clinical samples.
5342. Simplified spectral fluctuation correction method of LIBS based on plasma image  assistance.
5343. YBX1 takes actions on triggering M2-like polarization of macrophages and  stabilizing CXCL8 mRNA to exhibit its metastatic potential in bladder cancer.
5344. Integrating machine learning with QSPR for property prediction of anti-vertigo  drugs.
5345. Identification of potential therapeutic phytochemicals and candidate biomarkers  for osteomyelitis using network pharmacology and molecular docking approaches.
5346. Diagnostic performance of radiography and whole-spine MRI for detecting  vertebral fractures in suspected child abuse.
5347. From symptom to diagnosis: Gap between clinical observations and PTSD  recognition in child protection.
5348. PROTAC technology: clinical applications, future challenges, and innovative  strategies.
5349. Intraoperative radiation therapy during pancreatectomy for borderline and  locally advanced pancreatic cancer: A propensity-matched analysis.
5350. Subclinical anxiety and depression and postoperative complications after major  colorectal surgery: A 2-center study.
5351. Discovery of a novel covalent allosteric site CYS434 in Keap1 and its ligand for  the treatment of acute lung injury.
5352. Advances in deciphering intratumoral versus peritumoral heterogeneity of  infiltrating lymphocytes in pancreatic cancer: a spatial perspective.
5353. Discovery of pyrazole-based selective covalent ITK inhibitors with In vivo  activity.
5354. Dengue virus nonstructural proteins as small-molecule targets: Advances,  challenges, and future directions.
5355. Development of highly selective, low-toxicity and orally available Mcl-1  inhibitors based on 3,5-dimethyl-4-sulfonimide-1H-pyrrole scaffold via P2/P3  dual pocket binding optimization.
5356. Discovery of a potent and selective small-molecule inhibitor of  ubiquitin-specific peptidase 15 (USP15) for the treatment of breast cancer.
5357. Aging-related reconfiguration of auditory working-memory control under  converging phonological and executive demands: EEG signatures and  speech-in-noise performance.
5358. Multi-Organ Dysfunction in Neonatal Hypoxic Ischemic Encephalopathy and Brain  Magnetic Resonance Imaging Outcomes.
5359. Using the theory of communicative disenfranchisement to illuminate the nature  and consequences of women's experiences with medical gaslighting as told through  TikTok narratives.
5360. Companions' involvement in older patients' healthcare: A scoping review of  companions' roles and impacts before, during, and following medical encounters.
5361. The effects of a financial navigation intervention on financial toxicity among  patients with breast cancer in China: A randomized controlled trial.
5362. The end of semiology, or the rise of precision overdiagnosis?
5363. Reply to the Letter to the editor by Barnoyevich et al.
5364. Machine learning-based prediction of antibiotic resistance gene distribution in  agricultural soils under different climate change scenarios.
5365. Silent Spill - maritime microplastics from vessel coatings.
5366. Soil microplastics as carriers of organic pollutants: Sorption mechanisms and  environmental behavior.
5367. Genitourinary syndrome of menopause in women with cancer - a narrative review.
5368. Supplementation with C-type natriuretic peptide during pre-in vitro maturation  regulates key aspects of cumulus cell physiology in cattle.
5369. Functional reformulation of pork patties through the incorporation of linseed  oil emulsion and ultrasound-treated mushroom by-products: Implications for  nutritional quality and metabolomic profile.
5370. Salivary cortisol reactivity to social rejection in a simulated video  conference: Findings from the O-Cam paradigm.
5371. Relationship between long-term exposure to sources of particulate matter,  ambient air pollution and cognitive function in older adults.
5372. Antibiotic De-escalation and 30-day mortality in patients with suspected  bacterial culture-negative Sepsis.
5373. Animove: a low-cost, easy-to-use, fast and high-resolution system to evaluate  swimming performance in zebrafish.
5374. Excellent functional outcomes and low complication rate following open reduction  for severe pediatric radial neck fractures: A retrospective analysis.
5375. Development and internal validation of a prediction model for in-hospital  mortality in trauma patients with high-energy pelvic fractures admitted to a  single major trauma centre.
5376. Rapid multiplex detection of Echinococcus granulosus and Echinococcus  multilocularis using a one-pot RPA-assisted CRISPR-Cas12a/Cas13a assay in a  portable multi-tube device.
5377. Molecular typing and genomic characterization of persistent Listeria  monocytogenes clones in a bakery production facility.
5378. First insights into agricultural practice-driven mobilization and methylation of  arsenic and mercury in soil with implications for groundwater risk mitigation.
5379. Resistome risks of biological wastewater treatment communities: A global dataset  of activated sludge, anaerobic digestion, and anammox.
5380. Integrating meteorological data into linear mixed models for sunlight  inactivation of indicator organisms in natural lake water.
5381. CB001 bioactive compounds mitigate intestinal immune dysregulation induced by  simulated microgravity and radiation via B cells modulation.
5382. Biological and computational evidence of dinotefuran-DNA interactions: A  combined in vitro and in silico study.
5383. Maternal and newborn health services in Papua New Guinea: Health system  stakeholder priorities for health system strengthening.
5384. Behavioral health provider training to enhance family partnerships.
5385. Admixture of anaesthetic drugs: editorial fit and safety are distinct concerns.
5386. Correction: Mesenchymal Stem Cell-Derived Exosomes for Ovarian Reserve: A  Systematic Review and Network Meta‑Analysis Based on Animal Studies.
5387. Accommodative Demand and Near Addition in Early-Onset Primary Angle-Closure  Disease: A Comparative Study.
5388. ASO Visual Abstract: The Role of Adjuvant Primary Site Radiotherapy for Patients  with Cutaneous Melanoma with Microsatellitosis.
5389. Test yourself question & answer: a middle-aged man presents with an enlarging  suboccipital mass.
5390. Genicular artery embolization for knee osteoarthritis: Is the emperor wearing no  clothes?
5391. Trends in demographic and health survey publications based on a bibliometric  analysis.
5392. T-cell responses to primary SARS-CoV-2 vaccination in Down syndrome - From  childhood to adulthood.
5393. Acquired Buried Penis Reconstruction: A Description of the "Manta Ray" Technique  and a Comparative Retrospective Cohort Analysis.
5394. Response to "methodological opacity in sword health digital pelvic health".
5395. Individual short-chain fatty acids differentially reprogram transcriptional  states in colorectal cancer cells.
5396. CLEC14A correlates with neutrophil infiltration in hepatocellular carcinoma and  mediates neutrophil recruitment across liver endothelial cells.
5397. Expenditures attributable to infant lower respiratory tract infection due to  respiratory syncytial virus in the US: A real-world study using the PharMetrics  Plus Database, 2015-2023.
5398. Precision by recognition: smarter firing for better lithotripsy.
5399. History, Current State, and Future of Enhanced Recovery After Surgery (ERAS): In  Commemoration of the 30th Anniversary of the ERAS Concept.
5400. Unveiling the IL-17 axis: an immunometabolic bridge between psoriasis and  metabolic syndrome.
5401. Monopolar Pen-Type Cathode Stimulation Enables Tibial Motor Nerve Conduction in  Severe Edema: A Technical Case Report.
5402. Open reduction and pin fixation of displaced adolescent proximal humerus  fractures: surgical technique and illustrative case series.
5403. Coil embolization as a safe and effective treatment for a large uterine artery  aneurysm in a gravid female.
5404. Radiological diagnosis of cochlear incomplete partition type 3 (IP-III) in a  4-year-old male: A case report.
5405. Gallbladder volvulus: Recognizing the rare 'beak' and 'whirl' signs.
5406. The KDM-family inhibitor JIB-04 sensitizes AML cells to venetoclax by inducing a  ferroptosis-like phenotype.
5407. Eukaryotic cell-free protein synthesis: Chassis diversification, system  engineering, and emerging applications.
5408. Integrating traditional healers into the emergency care continuum in Uganda: a  missed opportunity?
5409. Diagnostic performance of ultrasound in identifying early knee osteoarthritis  features in a 33-year-old birth cohort.
5410. Polydatin alleviates adenine-induced nephropathy in mice.
5411. Corrigendum "Folic Acid navigated Silver Selenide nanoparticles for  photo-thermal ablation of cancer cells" [Colloids Surf. B: Biointerfaces, 159  (2017) 564-570].
5412. Ion chromatography-ultra-high-resolution mass spectrometry reveals EZH2-driven  reprogramming of nucleic acid and protein methylation.
5413. A photoelectrochemical signal amplification mechanism with Exonuclease III  driven stable generation of "Swing Arm" tetrahedral DNA walkers for mediating  photogenerated carrier transfer.
5414. Dual MOFs synergistically modulate electrode interface electron transfer to  enhance electrochemiluminescence for ultrasensitive FB1 sensing.
5415. Stable isotope labeling LC-MS for profiling the amine submetabolome in a  D-lactate treated cell model.
5416. Paralogous LRR receptor kinases confer symbiosis specificity between arbuscular  mycorrhizal and root nodule symbioses in Lotus japonicus.
5417. Chromosomal abnormalities and pregnancy outcomes in 350 pregnancies with  prenatally diagnosed aberrant right subclavian artery: a phenotype-based  retrospective cohort study.
5418. The association between endometrial thickness and ectopic pregnancy among women  who underwent in vitro fertilization, systematic review and meta-analysis.
5419. Pre-clinical evaluation of a laser system with emission control based on stone  vs soft tissue recognition.
5420. Trends in Potentially Avoidable Hospitalisations Among People With Diabetes in  Ireland; 2015-2024.
5421. Adding Finerenone to SGLT2 Inhibitors and Long-Term Kidney Outcomes in Diabetic  Kidney Disease.
5422. GLP-1 RA Therapy After Bariatric Surgery: Phenotype, Strategy and Success.
5423. Unveiling the BMI Risk Threshold for Osteoarthritis: Multi-Database Causal and  Nonlinear Evidence.
5424. Threshold analysis for a diffusive SIS epidemic model with infection-age.
5425. Psychedelics do not always enhance cognitive flexibility: The potential role of  time-varying effects on reward learning processes.
5426. Understanding moral distress following grant terminations.
5427. Integrated sludge resources hierarchical recovery: enhancing VFAs production  through pilot scale liquid-state anaerobic fermentation by sludge residues-based  biochar.
5428. Developing a robust biomethanation process by improving oxygen tolerance of  Methanothermobacter wolfeii strain BSEL.
5429. A bio-nonbio hybrid for synergistic nitrogen removal and N(2)O mitigation in  aquaculture wastewater.
5430. Therapeutic mechanism of imperatorin in allergic rhinitis via anti-inflammatory  action and restoration of nasal epithelial barrier integrity.
5431. Perinatal mental health screening and care among those with pregnancy  complications.
5432. Anal leiomyoma: An unusual presentation.
5433. From systemic disease to the eye: Why senescence deserves attention in ocular  infections.
5434. Noncoding navigators of vascular smooth muscle cells: lncRNAs at the interface  of vascular plasticity and therapeutic intervention.
5435. Interaction of migration and frequency dependence in cultural populations.
5436. Day-7 lumefantrine exposure following artemether-lumefantrine treatment under  routine outpatient conditions in a high-transmission Mozambican setting.
5437. Smilacis Chinae Rhizoma ethyl acetate fraction alleviates IMQ-induced psoriasis  by inhibiting IL-17-driven T-cell immune responses.
5438. Antiandrogen therapy induces mitochondrial oxidative phosphorylation to promote  castration resistance in prostate cancer.
5439. The role of Wnt signalling in the pathogenesis and therapy of age-related  macular degeneration (AMD).
5440. Responses of aerosol optical properties and direct radiative effects to rapid  shifts in anthropogenic emissions in the sichuan basin.
5441. Circular RNAs in virus-induced cancers: From mechanism to clinical implications.
5442. Circ-PHC3 promotes malignant progression of ovarian cancer through regulating  miR-512-3p/SLC2A1/HK2 mediated glucose metabolism.
5443. A heroic blood transfusion during the First World War (January 1915).
5444. Mechanistic target of rapamycin (mTOR) regulates extracellular trap production  in clam Ruditapes philippinarum.
5445. Metabolic trajectory from gestational to type 2 diabetes mellitus: a systematic  review and meta-analysis.
5446. Multi-isotope constraints on PM(2.5) source fingerprints across contrasting  urban environments in South Korea under the East Asian monsoon.
5447. Mesoporous topology-regulated plasma-catalytic CH(4)-CO(2) reforming for  greenhouse gas valorization.
5448. The epigenetic control of inflammaging in skeletal muscle and adipose tissue.
5449. Maternal fragmented sleep in late pregnancy is associated with higher  birthweight.
5450. Exploring pelvic floor dysfunction: prevalence and risk factors through APFQ  analysis.
5451. Association of duration and timing of physicians' early-career training with  subsequent settlement in medically underserved areas in Japan: A nationwide  cohort study.
5452. Bifunctional effect and mechanism of trace zinc on amorphous calcium phosphate  crystallization.
5453. Sweet artificial intelligence as digital catalysts in infectious diseases:  Glycomics and glycoanalysis.
5454. Cross-sectional and prospective analysis of the association of the pupillary  light reflex with suicidal ideation and suicide attempts.
5455. When global policies meet local realities: School start times in LMIC contexts.
5456. Three-dimensional culture models of hepatitis B virus infection: Progress,  challenges, and opportunities.
5457. Synthesis, structure-activity relationships, antitumor activities and  mechanistic studies of ENL-degrading compounds.
5458. Concurrent validity and agreement of Bayley-4, AIMS, and HINE assessments in  1-year-old children.
5459. Prevalence of autism in children with epilepsy: A population-based study.
5460. ASO Visual Abstract: Global Inequalities in Female Breast Cancer Burden by  Decomposition and Age-Period-Cohort Analysis, 1990-2021.
5461. Dynamic stiffening hydrogels orchestrate macrophage- mesenchymal stem cells  interactions for bone regeneration.
5462. Structure of the O-specific polysaccharide from the lipopolysaccharide of  Azospirillum brasilense KR77.
5463. A 3D-Printed, pump-free, microfluidic hydride generation-capillary point  discharge atomic emission spectrometer for on-site arsenic detection.
5464. Dual-mode spectrometric and colorimetric determination of total sulfur dioxide  in wine by using point discharge microplasma.
5465. Determination of short-chain chlorinated paraffins in marine sediment by  automated online solid phase extraction coupled to liquid  chromatography-high-resolution mass spectrometry.
5466. Linear causal regulation ratiometric fluorescent biosensor strategy for highly  sensitive detection of sulfonamides in multiple matrices.
5467. Fluorescent sensor array for rapid and accurate multiplexed pathogen  identification.
5468. Biomimetic solid phase microextraction as a tool for quantifying organic  micropollutants-biopolymer partitioning.
5469. Twenty years of ASCA: a systematic review of applications for ANOVA-simultaneous  component analysis.
5470. Template-independent poly-adenine elongation enables multivalent CRISPR/Cas12a  activation for amplified lateral flow biosensing.
5471. STAR-CRISPR: a one-pot ultraspecific CRISPR strategy for rapid, visualized SNV  detection and genotyping in point-of-care diagnostics.
5472. Explore the interaction mechanism between artificial synthetic food colorants  and digestive proteases via multi-spectral technology and computer simulation.
5473. Unravelling the mystery of hypoxia-induced miRNAs in breast cancer: A molecular  cross-talk driving tumour progression and therapy resistance.
5474. Sedentary time and television viewing time are associated with an increased risk  for all-cause mortality: A systematic review of systematic reviews.
5475. A general class of bounded diffusion processes with applications in the  biosciences.
5476. Efficient production of l-tryptophan by dynamic regulation of the intracellular  l-Gln:l-Ser ratio in Escherichia coli.
5477. Controlled biosynthesis of curdlan oligosaccharides with tunable degree of  polymerization and their prebiotic effects on gut microbiota.
5478. Image-driven in situ grading of compost maturity using deep feature clustering  and supervised prediction.
5479. Association between timing of major maternal trauma in pregnancy and adverse  outcomes related to placental dysfunction.
5480. Shedding light on uncertainty by applying APROBA-Plus in the risk assessment of  genotoxic carcinogens.
5481. In vitro bioassays for measuring monoamine transporter function.
5482. Solvent-mediated construction of hydrogen bond networks for boosting the  photocatalytic performance of AgBr.
5483. Peripheral to central: Exploring the neural, endocrine, and immune pathways of  the gut-brain axis in postoperative neurocognitive dysfunction.
5484. Aerobic exercise attenuates sarcopenia-related changes via TXNIP-associated  modulation of apoptosis, inflammation and autophagy.
5485. Performance validation of the KeraSkin™ reconstructed human epidermis (RhE)  model according to OECD document no. 219 and exploratory optimization of its  predictive capacity for in vitro skin corrosion testing.
5486. Risk factors for suicidal behaviour in people with dementia: A systematic review  and meta-analysis.
5487. Mindfulness-based cognitive therapy for psoriasis.
5488. Characterizing clinical patterns and associated factors of zinc-induced copper  deficiency: Insights from large-scale pharmacovigilance databases.
5489. The footprint of ethnopharmacology in drug discovery (ISE-APSS2024).
5490. Neuroprotective effect of Urukku Velichenna (Traditionally processed virgin  coconut oil) in Parkinson's disease: Bridging ethnopharmacology and experimental  validation using in vitro, in vivo, and in silico models.
5491. Empagliflozin restores electrocontractile function in cardiomyocytes following  tebuconazole exposure.
5492. NPM1 mutation promotes creatine anabolism by FTO-dependent m(6)A demethylation  to drive macrophage M2 polarization in acute myeloid leukemia.
5493. Integrated clinical, genomic and functional characterization of a novel ALK  variant in neuroblastoma.
5494. Vesicular QSOX1-MMP2 from inflammatory cancer-associated fibroblasts degrades  the extracellular matrix to drive colorectal cancer pulmonary dissemination.
5495. Inhibition of compulsive behavior by dextromethorphan on schedule-induced  polydipsia in rats: Role of NMDA, sigma-1, and 5-HT receptors.
5496. Evolutionary clade-guided consensus redesign of IsPETase: A computational  framework for enhancing thermodynamic stability and MM/PBSA-derived binding  energetics.
5497. Structually diverse polyketides from an endolicheic fungus Leotiomycetes sp.:  discovery of polyene γ-lactone derivatives and antibacterial aspyridone  analogues.
5498. Navigating racialised healthcare: Intersectional experiences shaping cancer  screening among Black women in Belgium.
5499. Revisiting crystalline orientation relationship measurements via electron  diffraction - enhancing efficiency and accuracy through post‑processing.
5500. Accelerator-based neutron sources: A GATE simulation study of quasi  mono-energetic neutrons.
5501. Eradication of ampicillin-resistant Enterococcus faecalis in root canal  infections using tannic acid: A tooth model investigation.
5502. Efficacy and safety of low-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic  stimulation in post-stroke depression: A fNIRS pilot study.
5503. Serum fibroblast growth factor-2 and fibroblast growth factor-9 levels in  bipolar disorder: Potential biomarkers for mood episodes.
5504. Persistent organic pollutants, lipid remodeling and gene expression during  reproductive maturation in Atlantic cod (Gadus morhua).
5505. Fluorine-functionalized covalent organic framework aerogels for online  solid-phase extraction of bisphenols prior to chromatographic analysis.
5506. Making waves: Energy data as an observatory for water system performance.
5507. Methane dynamics in a stratified temperate reservoir: Accumulation,  redistribution and hotspots.
5508. Humic acid-cation interactions reshape nanoplastic bioaccessibility and  mechanistic toxic pathways toward microalgae.
5509. Assimilatory sulfate reduction potential in the plastisphere microbiome is  linked to plastic mineralization in sulfur-rich mining-impacted river sediments.
5510. Laccase-mediated transformation of 6PPD: Amplified 6PPD-q formation in the  presence of natural organic matter.
5511. Prevalence and outcomes of co-occurring psychiatric and endocrine, metabolic,  and nutritional disorders: An atlas based on umbrella review of 254,154,533  records.
5512. An innovative immobilization-free homogeneous electrochemical strategy  facilitated by buoyancy -magnetism separation for evaluating the acetamiprid in  food.
5513. A green and practical quadratic Box-Behnken design reverse micelle-assisted  supramolecular solvent-based microextraction approach for the simultaneous  determination of Cd and Pb in foodstuffs and cosmetics.
5514. A chitosan-based fluorescent probe for biosensing and food sensing of hydrazine  and hydrogel applications.
5515. Multiscale analysis of enzyme combinations and hydrolysis methods: Effects on  bitterness, structure, functional properties, and peptide profile of soybean  meal hydrolysates.
5516. Enhancing stability of reverse micelle-structured Antarctic krill oil via  dehydration, demetallization, deoxygenation, and polarity-matched antioxidants.
5517. Codonopsis pilosula as the sovereign herb in Shenling Baizhu formula ameliorates  DSS-induced ulcerative colitis via spermidine-AMPK-mediated mitophagy to inhibit  the cGAS-STING inflammatory axis.
5518. Spin-state manipulation via boron doping in facet-engineered hematite enables  singlet oxygen production from peroxymonosulfate.
5519. Regulating ammonia decomposition activity by engineering interface structure of  ultrafine ruthenium nanoparticles anchored on cerium dioxide with different  morphologies.
5520. Early-life social enrichment induces divergent cognitive-emotional aging along  with dorsal hippocampal VGluT1 and glial alterations.
5521. An integrated in silico approach to identify pyridine-based AChE and BChE  inhibitors for Alzheimer's disease.
5522. Tumor microenvironment-driven mechanisms of photodynamic therapy resistance and  emerging targeted combination strategies.
5523. Risk factors for facial pressure injuries in adults receiving non-invasive  positive pressure ventilation: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
5524. Beyond hypoxia: Systemic acidemia and respiratory insufficiency in Lance-Adams  syndrome.
5525. National Database Study of the effect of mode of transportation on trauma  patients injured in snowmobile accidents.
5526. Reflective belief revision before the age of reason.
5527. Impact of spike frequency and location on cognitive and emotional development in  children with genetic generalized and self-limited epilepsy.
5528. Prediabetes and Obstructive Sleep Apnea: A review of the pathophysiological  interaction and the role of CPAP.
5529. The Mediating Role of Depression in the Relationship Between Physical Activity  and Quality of Life Among Patients with Coronary Heart Disease.
5530. Distribution of Infralesional Lower Motor Neuron Injury in Traumatic Cervical  Spinal Cord Injury Candidates for Upper Limb Reconstruction: A Single Center  Experience.
5531. Post-marketing safety surveillance of Haemophilus influenzae Type b conjugate  vaccine in children aged 3 months to 5 years in Jiangsu, China.
5532. Umbilical cord blood natural killer cells improve anti-GD2 antibody efficacy in  neuroblastoma: from mouse to human.
5533. DHQS regulates pollen-pistil interaction via the shikimic acid pathway in  Arabidopsis thaliana.
5534. Ancestry-based antihypertensive therapy: Beware of pitfalls.
5535. Application of construction and validation of logistic regression model in risk  prediction of non-proliferative diabetic retinopathy in type 2 diabetes  mellitus.
5536. Interpretable physical-informed machine learning for dynamic characteristics  prediction of air spring with limited measurement information.
5537. Corrigendum to "A (68)Ga-/(177)Lu-labeled theranostic pair targeting annexin A2  for precision management of breast cancer" [Bioorg. Chem. 166 (2025) 109149].
5538. "Just a phase" and "serious risk"? Discourses of sleep during adolescence in  online news media.
5539. Structure-ecotoxicity relationships and risk assessment of 0D-3D carbon  nanomaterials across aquatic trophic levels.
5540. Physiological and transcriptomic insights deciphering cAMP-induced oxidative  stress tolerance of antagonistic yeast Sporidiobolus pararoseus Y16.
5541. Analysis of foodborne disease outbreak surveillance in the China Mainland  2014-2023.
5542. Evolution of Salmonella Typhimurium under antibiotics from distinct classes  reveals variant-dependent cross-protection against food preservation treatments.
5543. Microbial factories for lipid: Engineering synthetic routes and regulatory  networks for Triacylglycerol biosynthesis.
5544. Exploring the impact of lactic acid bacteria metabolism on volatile organic  compounds during cucumber fermentation.
5545. Inactivation mechanisms of cold plasma on Bacillus cereus biofilms and its  application in simulated meat processing environments.
5546. Effect of calcium ascorbate and maltitol on calcium signaling and genes of cell  wall and membrane synthesis in yeast under freeze-thaw cycle.
5547. Listeria survival dynamics on pears under real-world storage: effects of  variety, production practice, storage, and decay.
5548. A hybrid chemometric and deep learning model for monitoring quality loss in  thermally processed edible oils.
5549. In-situ lignin-integrated nanocellulose multifunctional composite films for  fruit preservation applications.
5550. Portulaca Oleracea polysaccharides attenuate zearalenone-induced macrophage  activation and Leydig cell dysfunction in testis: A single-cell and multi-omics  study.
5551. Comprehensive characterization of high-purity colorless carotenoid (phytoene and  phytofluene) geometric isomers: Spectroscopic properties, isomerization  behavior, antioxidant capacity, and biological activities.
5552. Development of a highly sensitive and stable ammonia-responsive smart film using  CoNi-MOF: Preparation, characterization, and application for graded shrimp  freshness monitoring.
5553. Chemically modified starch-polyphenol interactions: mechanisms, influencing  factors, characterization, and food-related applications.
5554. Research progress on plant polysaccharide-based intelligent-responsive films:  Substrates, forming mechanisms, preparation methods, response types, and  applications in food preservation.
5555. Digital twin-centered food safety management systems: A review of IoT, AI, and  blockchain integration for bacterial pathogen control.
5556. Identification and comparison of key aroma active compounds in southern and  northern sauce-flavor baijiu.
5557. Genomic characterization of multidrug-resistant monophasic Salmonella  4,[5],12:I:- ST34 circulating along the food chain of Central Italy.
5558. Soniacation-assisted oil-in-water nanoemulsions with Rosa rugosa carotenoids -  stability, cytotoxicity, bioaccessibility, and bioactivity.
5559. Self-assembled micelles stabilized by covalent α-lipoic acid-carboxymethyl  chitosan conjugates: Enabling stable delivery and glutathione-responsive release  of coenzyme Q10.
5560. Characterization and mechanism probe of enzymatic extraction and thiolation  modification of wheat bran arabinoxylan.
5561. Corrigendum to "Sodium cyclamate enhances Vibrio parahaemolyticus biofilm  formation on seafood-contact surfaces" [Food Res. Int. 235 (2026) 119195].
5562. Corrigendum to "Mechanisms of processing-driven changes on digestibility of  fermented Indica rice noodles" [Food Res. Int. 236 (2026) FOODRES-D-25-18180R2].
5563. Probiotic fermented Dendrobium beverages: Effect of co-probiotic strains on the  flavor composition and bioactive constituents.
5564. Natural deep eutectic solvents assisted the encapsulation of curcumin in gellan  gum hydrogels.
5565. Queer Ecosocial Insights for Trans Health Equity in the Philippines.
5566. Erratum to ``Rapid increase in serotype 4 invasive pneumococcal disease among  vulnerable young male adults in Belgium (2020-2024)'' [International Journal of  Infectious Diseases 163 (2026) 108216].
5567. Hearing loss in a whirlin mouse mutant is not reversed by activating the Whrn  gene.
5568. Friction bonding: mechanically induced metal-oxide interfaces for catalytic  oxidation.
5569. From uncertainty to understanding: The focus on follow-up initiative.
5570. Synergistic gellan gum/flaxseed gum composite enhances freeze-thaw stability of  soy isolate protein emulsion gels.
5571. Konjac glucomannan-film with antibacterial, mechanical, and moisture-management  properties for fresh bamboo shoots packaging.
5572. A multispectral and LC-MS/MS approach for investigating matrix interference in  aflatoxin B1 analysis of pressed peanut cake.
5573. Kinetic modeling of anthocyanin extraction-degradation from dragon fruit peel  via NADES-ATPS.
5574. Beyond margin length: Integrating tumour biology into the extent of gastrectomy.
5575. Association between cortisol and cardiovascular reactivity varied in child  maltreatment.
5576. Rapid detection and quantification of the fastidious pathogen Streptococcus  pneumoniae directly from whole blood using InfectID-BSI: A multiplex qPCR test  to augment clinical acumen in sepsis.
5577. Impact of concurrent cancers on survival of patients with newly diagnosed  glioblastoma.
5578. Activation of PIEZO1 impairs tissue expansion by inducing fibroblast apoptosis.
5579. Employing network toxicology, molecular docking, machine learning, and  single-cell analysis to analyze BPA exposure-induced ccRCC.
5580. Integration of habitat radiomics and 2.5D deep features from (18)F-FDG PET/CT  for noninvasive prediction of PD-L1 TPS ≥ 50% in non-small cell lung cancer.
5581. Non-destructive authentication of herring powder using near infrared  spectroscopy.
5582. Influence of multi-ring modifications on the nonlinear absorption properties of  A-π-D-π-A type dyes in the near-infrared region.
5583. A critical review on persulfate-based catalytic systems: Deactivation mechanisms  and regulation strategies.
5584. Spin-state engineering of confined iron-based catalysts for efficient  heterogeneous electro-Fenton process.
5585. Emerging role of urinary biomarkers in bladder cancer diagnosis and prognosis.
5586. Tocotrienol as a multi-target inhibitor of ICAM-1, VCAM-1, and E-selectin:  Comparison using AutoDock and GNINA docking with molecular dynamics simulation.
5587. Contriving multiepitope vaccine for breast cancer by targeting the estrogen  receptor using in-silico method.
5588. Usability and feasibility testing of an enhanced physiotherapist-supported  treatment approach integrating a brief behaviour change intervention for people  with rotator cuff disorders (The COMBINED approach).
5589. DDX3X-Related Neurodevelopmental Disorder Presenting as a Cerebral Palsy Mimic.
5590. Effects of melatonin supplementation during in vitro maturation on developmental  competence of domestic cat oocytes.
5591. Tracing cell lineages in the developing brain: Insights from mosaic analysis and  clone-resolved transcriptomics.
5592. Association between different onset types and clinical outcomes in patients with  large ischemic stroke following endovascular therapy.
5593. Development of novel quinoline derivatives as selective HDAC6 inhibitors  exhibiting multiple anticancer effects.
5594. Factors associated with older adult fracture visits to United States emergency  departments, 2013-2022.
5595. Evaluation of TeO(2)-modified concrete composites for enhanced gamma radiation  shielding performance using Phy-X simulation software.
5596. The rationale for universal use of a prophylactic Epstein-Barr virus vaccine.
5597. Laparoscopic anatomical bisegmentectomy of segments 5 and 6 using the Glissonean  approach combined with indocyanine green fluorescent imaging (with Video).
5598. Effects of domain-specific scenario-based simulation training on map memory in  orienteering athletes: Evidence from behavioral and fNIRS findings.
5599. CRISPR/Cas9 system-mediated p21 knockout impairs the MITF signaling pathway.
5600. Impact of ABCB1 (rs1045642) polymorphism on antipsychotic-induced extrapyramidal  symptoms in Egyptian patients with schizophrenia.
5601. Furin-like enzyme dependency in KRAS-mutant colorectal cancer as a target for  personalized treatment strategies.
5602. Prognostic and therapeutic significance of RKIP and YY1 in cancer, autoimmune  disorders, and inflammatory pathologies.
5603. Targeting IL-17 family cytokines and receptors in hepatocellular carcinoma: From  biology to combination immunotherapy.
5604. From implantable to wearable: recent advances in microfluidic platforms for  precision drug delivery.
5605. Thiolutin ameliorates postoperative cognitive dysfunction induced by intestinal  ischemia-reperfusion in aged mice: a potential role for modulation of the  BRCC3/NLRP3 axis.
5606. Distinct cognitive demands drive specific brain network reorganization: EEG  microstate evidence from air traffic control.
5607. Activated irrigation systems and postoperative pain after single-visit root  canal treatment: A network meta-analysis.
5608. miR-to-miR interactions: Investigating the effects of miR-21 down-regulation and  bisphenol exposure in COCs, arrested 8-cell embryos and blastocysts.
5609. Engineering lignin-incorporated hydrogels for agricultural and environmental  applications: From synthesis to sustainable implementation.
5610. Tunable synthesis of renewable tricyclic high-energy-density fuels from  lignin-derived oxygenates.
5611. Gut microbiota-mediated recycling of residual nitrogen in black soldier fly  larval frass.
5612. Nitroxyl relieves acute kidney injury by suppressing SLC31A1-mediated  cuproptosis in renal tubular epithelial cells.
5613. Regenerative potential of muse cells in ROS-mediated cardiac injury: An in vitro  oxygen-glucose deprivation/reoxygenation model.
5614. Airway sensory neurobiology and TRP channels in chronic cough: mechanisms, cough  hypersensitivity, and therapeutic translation.
5615. The RFX6 mechanism spine: A unified model linking transcriptional coordination  to endocrine resilience and diabetes pathogenesis.
5616. Responses of microbial community structure and substrate quality in coal gangue  piles to stand age of Pinus sylvestris var. mongolica.
5617. Inorganic nitrogen-driven Alicyclobacillus biotreatment of high-sulfur  bituminous coal: a multiscale approach to mitigating mining emissions.
5618. Nanoplastics reshape nitrogen cycling in submerged macrophyte systems: A  metagenomic perspective.
5619. Synergistic antibiotic-laden wastewater treatment doubles denitrification rate  in a pilot mineral-based autotrophic biofilter by breaking microbial  spatial-metabolic constraints.
5620. Agricultural allochthonous dissolved organic matter is associated with microbial  functional differentiation in methane- and nitrogen-related gene profiles in  rural rivers.
5621. Impact of a Standardized Conduction Management Algorithm on Hospital Length of  Stay After Transcatheter Aortic Valve Replacement.
5622. From low flows to ecosystem stress: Temporal patterns of ecological risk driven  by emerging contaminants.
5623. Ozone exposure and the risk of gestational hypertension in a northern Chinese  city: Identifying the critical windows of exposure.
5624. Divergent filtration mechanisms of fibrous and non-fibrous microplastics in  towing-net sampling toward a harmonized framework for abundance correction.
5625. Cytokine levels in serum and cerebrospinal fluid of patients with idiopathic  intracranial hypertension.
5626. Integrated care for older people screening tool for measuring intrinsic  capacity: Findings from national ICOPE implementation in Taiwan.
5627. Beyond binary senescence: Intermediate cellular states, tissue distribution, and  therapeutic implications in ageing.
5628. Implementation of a hospital-based quality-improvement program targeting  prolonged liquid-diet prescriptions in a tertiary hospital: A before-after  study.
5629. Study on the effect and mechanism of sesamin on P2X3-related cheek allergic  contact dermatitis in mice induced by SADBE stimulation.
5630. Complications and Survival of Teeth Restored With Crowns Following Crown  Lengthening: A Retrospective Cohort Study.
5631. When algorithms triage trauma: Diagnostic accuracy, undertriage risk, and prompt  fragility in frontier large language models.
5632. Beyond seizures: eye tracking evidence of cognitive dysfunction in epilepsy - A  systematic review.
5633. A multimodal EHR-based phenotyping framework integrating consensus clustering  and transformer-based clinical NLP: application to autoimmune gastritis.
5634. Implementation of the VIVALDI Social Care data pipeline for monitoring and  research of infections in care homes for older adults in the UK.
5635. Defensive decoupling: Tensions and contradictions in a US surgical safety  intervention.
5636. Outcomes for pregnant women with less healthy behaviours participating in  CenteringPregnancy.
5637. Understanding healthcare professionals' experiences supporting Autistic people  in perinatal care: A qualitative study.
5638. Particle transport in tubes by Bessel-beam acoustic radiation force.
5639. Integrated ultrasonic and acoustic emission techniques for spatiotemporal damage  analysis in concrete.
5640. Biliary-Colonic Fistula Arising from a Cystic Duct Remnant.
5641. Chronic exposure to Poly(hexamethylenebicyanoguanide-hexamethylenediamine)  hydrochloride impairs molting and physiological functions in Daphnia magna  across generations.
5642. Effects of oleic acid supplementation on ileal fatty acid digestibility,  intestinal barrier function, and cecal microbiota in Pekin ducks fed a high-fat  diet.
5643. Deletion of the N-terminal 400 amino acids of DPV pUL36 attenuated virulence and  conferred effective protection against virulent challenge.
5644. Hypertension drives thoracic aortic aneurysm and dissection in male, but not  female, Marfan mice.
5645. The analysis of AFM nanoindentation curves from soft materials: An iterative  method for optimizing the combined determination of contact point and elastic  indentation modulus.
5646. Current opinions on CEA in the diagnosis and prognosis of colorectal cancer.
5647. Combined treatment of TROP‑2 targeted CAR-T and vascular disruptor CBP enhances  anti‑tumor activity in triple‑negative breast cancer.
5648. Analyte induced reaction and reconfiguration of metasurface for selective  detection of Hg(2).
5649. A recurrent interferon, stress, and survival axis identifies a rare malignant  programme across glioblastoma single-cell, spatial, and longitudinal cohorts.
5650. Exploiting ligand-driven salt selectivity for aggregate retention: enhancing  monomer resolution on a high elution pH Protein A membrane.
5651. Transcutaneous vagus nerve stimulation modulates adaptive empathic learning  under uncertainty.
5652. Why neurofeedback should not be seen (and treated!) as a pharmacological tool. A  teacher's lesson.
5653. Safety of percutaneous gastrostomy tube placement in patients with cirrhosis: a  multicenter matched cohort study.
5654. Delta opioid receptors on parvalbumin cells are necessary for the convulsant and  anxiolytic effects of the delta agonist SNC80.
5655. Correction: "Not That I've Become Exceptional, But I'm Able to Make Myself  Understood Better": Impact of Speech and Language Therapy on Everyday  Communication in People with Primary Progressive Aphasia and Their Carers.
5656. DNA nanocage-assisted multiplex fluorescence quantification of size-fractionated  low-mass soluble amyloid-β oligomers.
5657. Design principles of human membrane protein topology.
5658. Biomechanical Principles of Temporal Muscle Activation in Functional Movements:  Implications for Stability and Movement Coordination.
5659. Interventions to Promote Hope in People with Advanced Illness: Rapid Review.
5660. Decoding the microbiome: artificial intelligence-targeted gut microenvironment  breakthroughs in personalized cancer therapy.
5661. Preclinical models of female pelvic pain disorders.
5662. Genomic traceability of farmed endangered wildlife to prevent laundering and  genetic pollution.
5663. Unconditional de novo generation and functional validation of synthetic  promoters with a diffusion model.
5664. Redefining spiking neural networks through the lens of dynamical superspace.
5665. Locally active memristor-based Chialvo neuron model: bifurcation,  multistability, and noise effects.
5666. An alien intermediate host snail, Radix rubiginosa (Gastropoda: Lymnaeidae), on  Unguja Island, Zanzibar.
5667. Trends, center level practice, and outcomes of heart transplantation in people  with HIV.
5668. Intragraft tacrolimus: The missing link in heart transplant acute rejection  monitoring.
5669. Correction: Viscum coloratum (Kom.) Nakai inhibits osteoclastogenesis in  RANKL-induced osteoclast differentiation through the PI3K/AKT/mTOR pathway.
5670. Long-term cardiovascular risks in patients with hypertensive disorders of  pregnancy treated with nifedipine or labetalol.
5671. Simulation and prediction of human brucellosis epidemic trends in Changji city.
5672. Localised malignant mesothelioma presenting as an esophageal mass: An unusual  manifestation.
5673. Characterization of the vaginal bacterial microbiota of sheep exhibiting  abortion or repeat breeder syndrome.
5674. The role of protein palmitoylation in disease pathogenesis and therapeutic  innovation.
5675. Rapid Generation of Subject-Specific Human Models With Detailed Tissue  Structures for Timely Individualized SAR Assessment.
5676. Cardiovascular outcomes for Australian women with rheumatic heart disease during  pregnancy: A retrospective linked data analysis, 2002-2017.
5677. Disentangling Temporal and Environmental Effects on Hematological Values in  Prairie Rattlesnakes (Crotalus viridis).
5678. EMF2 deficiency disrupts epigenetic and chromatin organization landscapes,  blocking root regeneration competence in Arabidopsis.
5679. Risk of Psychiatric Worsening With GLP-1 Receptor Agonist Use in Patients With  Type 2 Diabetes and Treated Depression.
5680. Letter to the Editor re: "Postobstructive diuresis and its biochemical  characteristics in children undergoing pyeloplasty for unilateral pelviureteric  junction obstruction - a prospective observational study".
5681. Letter to the Editor re: "Postobstructive diuresis and its biochemical  characteristics in children undergoing pyeloplasty for unilateral pelviureteric  junction obstruction - a prospective observational study".
5682. Corrigendum to "Cognitive change without linguistic change: The rise of  egocentric frames of reference in the Hai||om" [Cognition 273 (2026) 106522].
5683. Uncommon Histological Variants are Associated With Early Biochemical Recurrence  After Robot-Assisted Radical Prostatectomy: A Retrospective Study With  Exploratory Analysis of Postoperative PSA Outcomes.
5684. Entrustable Professional Activities (EPAs) in General Surgery-From Inception to  Implementation: A Scoping Review.
5685. Miscellaneous Equine Liver Conditions.
5686. Equine Liver Histopathology.
5687. Toxic Hepatopathies.
5688. Coordinated fault-tolerant pressure control for integrated electro-hydraulic  braking system.
5689. Association of Physical Activity With All-Cause and CVD Mortality Across  Metabolic and Obesity Phenotypes.
5690. Young People With Type 2 Diabetes Are Under-Represented in Randomized Clinical  Trials.
5691. Weight Management With Semaglutide and Tirzepatide in U.S. Adults: Projected  Impact on Obesity Prevalence and Heart Failure Risk.
5692. Comparative Effects of Individual Glucagon-Like Peptide-1 Receptor Agonist-Based  Medications on Direct Measurement of Body Composition Among Adults With  Overweight or Obesity With or Without Type 2 Diabetes: A Systematic Review and  Network Meta-Analysis of Randomised Controlled Trials.
5693. Immune remodeling of liver metastases: From molecular mechanisms to therapeutic  strategies.
5694. Physio-transcriptomic perspectives on midgut structural disruption and metabolic  imbalance underlying neodymium oxide toxicity in Bombyx mori.
5695. Mapping the spatial heterogeneity of nitrogen species in road dust through  integrated multi-source remote sensing and interpretable machine learning.
5696. A frame-difference-aware rockburst early warning method based on the  spatiotemporal distribution of microseismicity in deep mines.
5697. Mitochondrial transplantation protects the retinal pigment epithelial cells from  the oxidative stress induced by NaIO(3).
5698. Acute developmental exposure to doxycycline and sucrose alters retinal function  in three commonly used mouse strains.
5699. Neuroclearance dysfunction in autism with sleep disorder: MRI evidence and  mediation by systemic iron deficiency.
5700. Associations between vitamin intake and depression severity: A cross-sectional  analysis of NHANES 2005-2014.
5701. Sensory impairment and mental health in old age: The moderating role of physical  activity.
5702. Effects of relaxing music on food-related inhibitory control: A randomized  crossover trial.
5703. Reverse compensation technique achieves accurate robotic-assisted implant  surgery in the anterior maxilla: A prospective case series.
5704. Cx43 mediates nicotine-induced enhancement of mouse pulmonary arterial tone by  downregulating Kv1.2 and Kv2.1 channels.
5705. Toxicological aspects of haloperidol in human lung fibroblasts (MRC-5 cells) and  Drosophila melanogaster as an alternative model: analysis of cytotoxic,  genotoxic and oxidative stress potential.
5706. Automated prospective quality assurance of tumor segmentation and treatment  planning in the hypo-FLAME 3.0 trial.
5707. Evaluation of the neuroprotective effects of ergosterol in a  streptozotocin-induced Alzheimer's disease rat model: Insights into  anti-inflammatory and antioxidant mechanisms.
5708. Investigating the potential active components and mechanisms of Xiongcan Yishen  formula in treating late-onset hypogonadism using network pharmacology combined  with metabolomics and absorbed components.
5709. Role of diffusion-weighted MRI in assessing Ewing sarcoma treatment response:  Findings from a COG phase III trial.
5710. Unmasking the genetic heterogeneity of cystic fibrosis in the Torbat Jam region:  From common variants to large deletions and the challenge of missing  heritability.
5711. Bridging the global survival gap in cystic fibrosis: Evidence from a 30-year  longitudinal Mexican cohort.
5712. Steroid-responsive delayed multifocal encephalopathy following vasculotoxic  snakebite with serial MRI evolution: a case report.
5713. Sociodemographic and parental health factors associated with initiation of human  papillomavirus vaccination among boys in a national free-of-charge program in  Denmark.
5714. Spatial multi-omics reveals region-specific redox dysregulation in chronic  aristolochic acid I-induced nephrotoxicity.
5715. Recovery of TCRαβ but not TCRγδ CDR3 sequences from ancient human whole-genome  sequencing data [v. 22 May 2026].
5716. Seco-tanapartholide B ameliorates acute lung injury by covalently activating  PKM2 and reprogramming glycolytic metabolism.
5717. Modulation of surface charges of napin by enzymatic deamidation to improve its  techno-functional properties.
5718. Synergistic construction of heat-stable resistant starch by confined  Retrogradation of short-chain amylose within calcium alginate beads.
5719. Knowledge, attitudes and practices of healthcare professionals in nutritional  management of patients with pressure ulcers: an online survey in Flanders and  the Netherlands.
5720. Response to the letter: "Fertility in women with epilepsy: a question of  phenotype, not just diagnosis".
5721. Nurse led first seizure clinics-a dangerous experiment or an effective  alternative to the norm?
5722. Triclosan as a selective pressure on nitrifying microbial guilds: functional,  genetic, and biogeochemical perspectives.
5723. Antibacterial and antibiofilm activities of novel bacterial topoisomerase  inhibitors against Staphylococcus aureus and other clinically relevant  pathogens.
5724. Zn-Ca and ZnSr alloys with anti-inflammatory repair functions for potential  biodegradable intrauterine device use.
5725. Lycopene regulates microglial M1/M2 polarization by inhibiting MAPK/NF-κB  signaling and alleviates neuroinflammation.
5726. Vagus nerve is essential for the anxiolytic effect of YL-IPA08, a potent ligand  for the translocator protein (18 kDa).
5727. CMPK2 promotes M1 macrophage polarization in sepsis-induced acute lung injury  via NLRP3/NF-κB signalling.
5728. Comment on "BoNT-A ameliorates itch sensitization in atopic dermatitis mice by  inhibiting histamine release".
5729. MiR-181b-5p facilitates proliferation and migration by regulating GSKIP through  ERK/AKT signaling pathways in gastric cancer.
5730. Battling the feed: How social media has overtaken professional medical advice.
5731. A novel homozygous SCN2B variant associated with early-onset developmental and  epileptic encephalopathy in two siblings.
5732. Intra-operative ultrasound for spinal dural arteriovenous fistulas: A simple  technique for surgical reassurance.
5733. A wireless battery-free intelligent system for in situ bacterial virulence  detection and advanced wound therapy.
5734. 3D-printed solid-contact chloride sensor for sweat-based cystic fibrosis  screening.
5735. Trade-offs between morphology and coordination environment: Presenting silver  strategies in two-dimensional MOF-derived CoSe(2).
5736. Comment on "Upper limb plexopathy secondary to herpes zoster: A PRISMA-guided  systematic case review".
5737. Corrigendum to "A dual-mode fluorescent chemosensor for multi-medium tracking of  N(2)H(4) and its biological application" [Spectrochim. Acta A Mol. Biomol.  Spectrosc. 361 (2026) 128077].
5738. Lipid droplet-targeting fluorescence probe for imaging carbon monoxide in living  cells.
5739. Rapid detection of Mycobacterium tuberculosis based on aptamer modified  surface-enhanced Raman scattering biosensors.
5740. Pressure tuned room temperature phosphorescence in isomeric aggregates: the  decisive role of substitution position on through-space charge transfer feature.
5741. A novel model of central precocious puberty: differentiation of patient-derived  induced pluripotent stem cells into GnRH neurons.
5742. Tamoxifen promotes myogenic differentiation and skeletal muscle regeneration via  activation of the GRP94.
5743. Structural insights into the ligand and G protein recognition by P2Y(13)R.
5744. Insurance Coverage for Endoscopic Bariatric Therapies in 2026: Analyses of Top  Insurers in the US and Internal Validation.
5745. Development of multifunctional 3D nanostructure substrate with solid phase  extraction and surface-enhanced Raman spectroscopy by two-stage sputtering and  annealing process.
5746. Risk factors for postoperative infection after non-elective femur fracture  fixation in pediatric patients.
5747. Magnesium recovery from brines by a novel non-dispersive membrane-assisted  reactive crystallization (ND-MARC) process using ammonia.
5748. Molecular-level interaction mechanisms of humic acid and residual aluminum  species in gypsum scaling during nanofiltration.
5749. Vacancy-confinement strategy applied in electrocatalytic flow-through membrane  reactors.
5750. Mechanisms of growth regulation and environmental effects of ambient nutrients  on Vallisneria natans in eutrophic lakes.
5751. Organic precursors and formation mechanisms of iodinated phenolic disinfection  byproducts in drinking water during chloramination.
5752. Maternal protein undernutrition during lactation reduces body weight gain and  adiposity and delays pubertal onset in male Wistar offspring.
5753. Permanent vs. Temporary embolic agents in genicular artery embolization for knee  Osteoarthritis: A systematic review and Meta-Analysis.
5754. Dual-energy CT-derived fibrosis biomarkers predict pancreatic fistula after  pancreaticoduodenectomy: a collagen proportional area mediation analysis.
5755. From painful memories to present relief: Enhancing CBT efficacy for depression  through imagery rescripting in a randomized controlled trial.
5756. Alopecia areata: Mechanisms, targeted therapies, and translational challenges.
5757. Transcription-less analysis of five discourse tasks in Laurentian French persons  with post-stroke aphasia: Adaptation and reliability.
5758. Intracranial tumor preoperative patient-reported quality-of-life measures  predict post-operative high-value care outcomes.
5759. Corrigendum to "(19)F NMR Strategy for Probing Site-specific RNA Dynamics in  Large RNA-protein Complexes: Application to the Hfq RNA Chaperone" [J. Mol.  Biol. 438 (2026) 169797].
5760. Assessment of heavy metal contamination and source apportionment in smokeless  tobacco products: Implications for human exposure and health risk.
5761. Photodegradation of TBBPA/ABS materials and exposure to brominated residues  during WEEE recycling.
5762. Molecular evolution of terpene synthase underlying the diversification of  isoprene emission in Fagaceae.
5763. α/β-Hydrolase Domain Containing 5 Supports Glucose-Stimulated Lipolysis and  Insulin Secretion in Pancreatic β-Cells.
5764. The Pitfalls of Ethnic Aggregation: Iranians And Afghans, And The Problem Of  'West Asian' Category In Canada.
5765. Differences in Clinical Outcomes Between Patients With Incidentally Detected and  Clinically Detected Pheochromocytomas and Paragangliomas: A Retrospective  Multicenter Study.
5766. President's Pen-Nurse Scientists as Leaders and Catalysts.
5767. Dereplication-assisted culturomics enables strain-level ecological analysis of  the human gut microbiome.
5768. Efficacy of Perineural Dextrose Versus Corticosteroid Injection for Carpal  Tunnel Syndrome: A Randomized, Double-Blind Clinical Trial.
5769. Multi-scale spatial-temporal remote sensing fusion for phenology identification  in rice germplasm resources.
5770. Costal synostosis mimicking supraclavicular lymphadenopathy in a breast cancer  patient: A diagnostic pitfall.
5771. Spatio-temporal optical coherence imaging and tomography for in vivo  applications.
5772. Sunscreen Use Barriers in White U.S. Adults: Gender, Generation, and Skin  Phototype Differences.
5773. A Child With Abnormal Ocular Ultrasound After Out-of-Hospital Cardiac Arrest.
5774. Impact of the First Basic Emergency Care Training Course in Ethiopia.
5775. A Phase-2 Open-Label Trial of Cannabidiol to Treat Core and Associated Symptoms  of Autism in Children and Adolescents Without Intellectual Disability.
5776. Factors influencing acute tympanic temperature changes during cold water  exposure.
5777. Retraction: "E-cigarette use and prevalence of lung diseases among the U.S.  population: a NHANES survey".
5778. The Conundrum of Psychoanalytic Education: What are We Trying to Teach? Toward  What End? An Introduction to the Section.
5779. Prediction of acute kidney injury after total aortic arch replacement with  postoperative serum lactate: a retrospective cohort study.
5780. A Plasmodiophora Brassicae Effector PbCBM1 Promotes Clubroot Susceptibility by  Competitively Binding to AtPHB3 to Disrupt Salicylic Acid Biosynthesis in  Plants.
5781. Enhanced peroxidase-like activity of L-glutamic acid-coated Fe(3)O(4) quantum  dots for colorimetric detection of L-cysteine in serum and milk.
5782. ASO Visual Abstract: Closing the Gap: A Longitudinal Review of the Trends of  Gender Representation in the Society of Surgical Oncology Membership and Annual  Meetings.
5783. ASO Visual Abstract: Exploring the Associations and Mechanisms Between  Antihypertensive Drugs and Urologic Tumors-Insights from a Mendelian  Randomization Study.
5784. The Emerging Role of Generalizable Vision-Language Models in Ovarian Cancer  Diagnosis.
5785. Research progress on the role of host factors in Chikungunya virus infection and  intervention strategies.
5786. Mother-Child Closeness Trajectories in Families of Children With Intellectual  Disabilities From a UK Cohort Study.
5787. Platelet Mitochondria: A Promising Target for Antiplatelet Therapy.
5788. Gallstones: Physiopathology and treatment of cholelithiasis (part 1).
5789. Corrigendum to "Targeting Staphylococcus aureus with potent de novo-designed  proline-core short antimicrobial lipopeptides" [Eur. J. Med. Chem. 310 (2026)  118784].
5790. Comments on "A Pilot Study Evaluating Erector Spinae Block Versus Saline for  Emergency Department Patients With Ureterolithiasis".
5791. Rare Causes of Unexplained Chronic Cough in Adults.
5792. Corrigendum to "Aspirin mitigates sepsis-associated encephalopathy by modulating  ICAM-1 and MMP-9 signaling: Evidence from clinical cohorts and mechanistic  experiments" [Experimental Neurology 403 (2026) 115813].
5793. Erratum to "miR-466f-3p promotes pro-inflammatory activation of macrophages  through NF-κB signaling and suppresses melanoma metastasis" [Int.  Immunopharmacol. 182 (2026) 116791].
5794. Erratum to "Letter to the editor to comment on "Diagnostic accuracy of 99mTc-HDP  SPECT/CT and MRI for foot and ankle osteoarthritis (ProSPECT-trial): Study  protocol" [Foot Ankle Surg 32 2 (2026) 191-192].
5795. Evaluation of the Efficacy of Combined Treatment of Liver Cancer With Losartan  and Ultrasound‑Stimulated Microbubble Cavitation.
5796. Annulus fracture underlies radiation-induced sperm dysfunction revealed by  multimodal nano-imaging.
5797. Comparison of safety and immunogenicity between high-dose and low-dose  quadrivalent influenza vaccines in children aged 6-35 months in China: A  randomized, double-blind clinical study.
5798. Carnosic acid alleviates cisplatin-induced acute kidney injury by enhancing  prohibitin 2-dependent mitophagy.
5799. Emodin alleviates renal fibrosis by targeting the ALKBH1/m(5)C axis to sustain  TRPV4 expression and inhibit TGF-β1/Smad2/3 signaling.
5800. Spuriously elevated estradiol due to immunoassay interference in the workup of a  suspected ovarian tumor: Diagnostic pitfalls and laboratory workflow  recommendations.
5801. Relationship between baseline patient-reported health status and  patient-centered outcomes after transcatheter aortic valve replacement.
5802. Synthetic phase image modulated by two-dimensional sinusoidal profile based on  magnitude image using for magnetic resonance imaging reconstruction.
5803. MiR-144-3p enhances cisplatin sensitivity in triple-negative breast cancer by  targeting SLC7A11 to induce ferroptosis.
5804. N-glycome composition of extracellular vesicles released by urological cancer  cells and reference non-malignant cells.
5805. Regular light-intensity exercise accelerates contextual fear extinction with  reduced dorsal CA3 activation in male rats.
5806. Effects of chemogenetic regulation of CaMKⅡα positive neurons in the ventral  hippocampus on working memory impairment in the hemiparkinsonian rat.
5807. Valorizing renewable biomass into potential prebiotic oligosaccharides:  Enzymatic, microbial, and synthetic biology strategies.
5808. Reshaping transmission and recovery: How memory effects govern global dynamics  thresholds in the SIR model.
5809. Identification of the midplane by temporary clamping of the right side of the  hilar plate using a laparoscopic grasper (with Video).
5810. Self-organised and disorganised dissipative structures as energy-entropy pumps.
5811. Burnout in dentistry and its silent impact. A literature review.
5812. A population-based study on the association between periodontitis, flossing  behavior, and mortality.
5813. Amyloid-β aggregation disrupts actomyosin architecture and impairs contractility  in human brain vascular smooth muscle cells.
5814. Empagliflozin mitigates doxorubicin-induced cardiac dysfunction in association  with preserved t-tubule integrity and improved Ca(2+) handling: a structural  mechanistic insight.
5815. Taeniasis in Bali, Indonesia: The current situation, 2022-2025.
5816. Genetic characterization of Angiostrongylus cantonensis in Rattus norvegicus in  Hokkaido, Japan: A rediscovery record in Hokkaido after 44 years.
5817. Evaluation of riverine suspended particulate matter sampling with sedimentation  boxes and flow-through centrifuges for total mercury and methylmercury analysis.
5818. Climate-mining-water nexus: Contaminant processes, monitoring-modeling  integration and adaptive management under climate variability.
5819. Thyronines and thyronamines: dual modulators of synaptic plasticity, cognitive  decline, and geriatric depression in the aging brain.
5820. A goal-directed approach to promoting insect-based foods through shared  features.
5821. Macrophage-amplified toxicity of indium tin oxide nanoparticles to bronchial  epithelial cells involving ROS-associated NF-κB signaling.
5822. Early-life exposure to phthalates and nanoplastics alters gut microbiota and  intestinal morphophysiology in rat dams and male offspring.
5823. Three rivers to the test: Lessons for global plastic transport modelling.
5824. Plasma-derived exosomes from Graves' orbitopathy: Pathogenic entities causing  tissue lesions.
5825. Temporal trends in retrograde crossing of epicardial collaterals in chronic  total occlusion percutaneous coronary intervention.
5826. Association of Baseline SSRI use with post-STEMI outcomes in patients with  depression.
5827. Redefining heart failure care in an aging population: From hospital to community  amid persistent care gaps.
5828. Social determinants of retail food safety inspection performance: A Franklin  County, Ohio case study.
5829. Remnant cholesterol, serum uric acid, and biological aging: insights from two  nationally representative cohorts.
5830. Cannabidiol alleviates chemotherapy-induced cognitive decline and  neuropathology.
5831. Association between fluid status and small airway dysfunction in hemodialysis  patients: A prospective paired study.
5832. Expansins and expansin-like proteins revisited: Untangling the 'Gordian' knots.
5833. From winter flounder to multifunctional applications: A review of  pleurocidin-like peptides via visualization and trend analysis.
5834. Tertiary lymphoid structures (TLS): The mechanism hub and therapeutic target of  neoadjuvant immunotherapy for hepatocellular carcinoma.
5835. Tangeretin, a bioactive polymethoxyflavone from immature Citrus aurantium L.  fruit, ameliorates experimental colitis by targeting the macrophage β2 integrin  Mac-1.
5836. Melampodium divaricatum (Rich.) DC. extracts exert anti-inflammatory effects via  inhibition of the NLRP3 inflammasome.
5837. Carpesium abrotanoides extract attenuates chronic obstructive pulmonary  disease-associated airway inflammation through inhibition of MAPK signaling.
5838. Syrosingopine enhances immune checkpoint blockade efficacy by inhibition of MCTs  and metabolic reprogramming in triple-negative breast cancer.
5839. Multicenter Clinical Comparison of the 10-Minute AMDI Fast PCR Mini Respiratory  Panel and the Cepheid Xpert Xpress CoV-2/Flu/RSV plus.
5840. Microglia, cerebellar inflammation, and autism spectrum disorders: Developmental  mechanisms and therapeutic perspectives.
5841. Study on the correlation between external traits and intrinsic quality of  Pseudostellariae Radix based on intelligent sensory evaluation and DESI-MSI  technology.
5842. Stoichiometric simultaneous quantification of mycophenolate mofetil and  mycophenolic acid in paired culture medium and cell extracts by common product  ion LC-MS/MS.
5843. Not My Type: A Critical Look at Enneagram Use in Resident Education.
5844. When the lung is at risk: diagnosis, manifestations, and complications of  pulmonary sarcoidosis.
5845. Muscle mass normalization in the era of obesity: body mass ındex and  weight-adjusted reference values for lumbar 3 vertebra skeletal muscle area.
5846. A simplified one-step chaotropic extraction workflow for quantitative proteomic  analysis of highly mineralized biological matrices.
5847. Regulation of EC precursors in Huangjiu: Multi-omics deciphers the mechanism of  synthetic microbial communities.
5848. Sequestosome-1 (p62) governs mitochondrial quality control by modulating redox  homeostasis and mitochondrial dynamics in the social amoeba Dictyostelium  discoideum.
5849. Severe graft-versus-host disease-like erythroderma in the setting of  thymoma-associated multiorgan autoimmunity.
5850. Persistent isolated AST elevation due to macro-AST in a patient with suspected  primary biliary cholangitis.
5851. Evaluation of breast risk at menopause: what impact on the use of menopausal  hormone therapy?
5852. Oral squamous cell carcinoma arising in the background of oral submucous  fibrosis: A systematic review of molecular and microenvironmental differences.
5853. Corpus luteum formation in frozen embryo transfer and offspring growth  trajectories: a prospective cohort study.
5854. Evaluating large language models for structuring cardiology reports: a  real-world clinical study on patient subtyping and trial recruitment.
5855. Optimized quadrangle attention consolidated convolutional multi-scale vision  transformer based autism detection.
5856. Does the timing of surgical decompression influence the neurological outcome  after complete traumatic spinal cord Injury? A systematic review and  Meta-Analysis.
5857. Bioinspired polydopamine interfacial engineering of plant-derived exosomes  enhances doxorubicin bioactivity in 2D and 3D breast cancer models.
5858. Accelerated discrete Gaussian beam model for simulating the water-immersion  phased array ultrasonic field.
5859. Development and validation of PCR-RFLP assays for genotyping PRNP and PRND  polymorphisms in New Zealand rabbits in Vietnam.
5860. Letter to the editor: "Sex-related mortality differences in septic shock: A  propensity score-matched study".
5861. Letter to the Editor: Discontinuation of continuous kidney replacement therapy  in patients with acute kidney injury: A pilot study.
5862. Letter to the editor: "Left ventricular-arterial coupling in septic shock: A  physiological review".
5863. Letter to the editor: "Thromboelastography to monitor anticoagulation in ICU  patients receiving a continuous infusion of unfractionated heparin".
5864. Glycine-zipper-derived synthetic amino acid-containing peptides as amyloid-β  aggregation inhibitors: structural and mechanistic investigations.
5865. Structure-selective binding and bioactivity of chlorine-substituted cyanine dyes  with DNA, RNA, and lipid membranes.
5866. Combined in ovo and post-hatch choline supplementation enhances growth and  muscle development in goslings.
5867. Correspondence regarding: Clinical and quality-of-life outcomes associated with  efgartigimod in patients with generalized myasthenia gravis transitioning from  intravenous immunoglobulin.
5868. Synergistic sodium ion-pillaring and three-dimensional carbon armoring of  molybdenum disulfide for aqueous zinc-ion batteries with ultrahigh capacity and  cyclability.
5869. The impact of hearing loss on tone discrimination: An fMRI study.
5870. Association between ENDS device and liquid characteristics and cigarette  smoking, quitting and smoking reduction behaviors among U.S. adults who  frequently use ENDS.
5871. Satb1 enforces CD4(+) effector T cell lineage stability by repressing Foxp3 via  DNA methylation.
5872. Electroneutral Na(+)-Cl(-) cotransport activity of anguillid eel Slc12a10  expressed in Xenopus oocytes.
5873. Home CPAP/NIV in pediatric patients: which disorders?
5874. Circulating Tumor DNA as a Novel Indicator of Teratoma in Nonseminomatous Germ  Cell Tumor.
5875. Chronic exposure to sodium fluoride or to tebuconazole disrupts the thyroid  hormone and immune systems during early development of rainbow trout  (Oncorhynchus mykiss).
5876. Polyphasic plastisol phantoms fabricated by thermal fusion assembly for  benchmarking magnetic resonance elastography inversion methods.
5877. Hierarchical reorganization of brain functional networks in mesial temporal lobe  epilepsy.
5878. Borders within US trauma care: Disparities in mortality and resource utilization  among patients with precarious legal status.
5879. GLP-1 receptor agonists in people with epilepsy: A scoping review of clinical  data, safety, and therapeutic implications.
5880. Whole body vibration as an alternative to conventional aerobic and resistance  training for managing chemotherapy-induced peripheral neuropathy in breast  cancer survivors: The sensi-ex randomized trial.
5881. Prevalence and incidence of delirium in patients with cancer: An updated  systematic review and meta-analysis.
5882. Serum levels of microRNA-371a-3p (M371) for prediction of histology in  chemotherapy-naïve patients with testicular germ cell tumours undergoing lymph  node dissection-a retrospective analysis of 57 cases.
5883. Competitive mechanism of lauric acid drives the formation of V-type starch for  delaying starch retrogradation.
5884. Broad-spectrum antibody based colorimetric immunoassay for highly sensitive  on-site quantitative detection of thirteen fluoroquinolones residues in aquatic  products.
5885. Tailoring a nanozyme-based electronic tongue for coffee flavor evaluation: A  rapid and accurate identification.
5886. Changes in the functional and nutritional profiles of heterogeneous agarans and  ulvan-bearing seaweeds fermented with Lacticaseibacillus rhamnosus.
5887. Symptoms and Knowledge of Dental Erosion Among Hong Kong Adults.
5888. Association between birth memory and postpartum psychological distress: The  mediating role of sleep quality.
5889. Climacteric symptoms among full-time working HRT never-users in different work  environments: a cross-sectional study.
5890. Employment outcomes of comprehensive vocational rehabilitation after traumatic  brain injury.
5891. Response to: "Comparable Does not Mean Equivalent: Causal Inference Gaps in  Nutritional Prehabilitation for Malnourished Colorectal Cancer Patients".
5892. ASO Author Reflections: It's Time to Take Dyspepsia Seriously.
5893. Editorial: From Pixels to Pathology: Can Radiomics Replace the Needle in  Pancreatic Neuroendocrine Tumors?
5894. E- and N-cadherin drive hepatic polarity and lumen elongation via opposing  effects on RhoA activity.
5895. So, Is There Hope? Directions to Improving our Field: Conclusion to the  Education Section.
5896. AI-assisted case-based learning and flipped classroom to improve clinical  decision-making: a randomized controlled trial in reproductive medicine.
5897. Unraveling the Stereochemical Complexity of Phosphorothioate-Modified  Oligonucleotides Using Analytical Technologies.
5898. Four-dimensional flow CMR-based hemodynamic assessment of ALCAPA: A case report.
5899. Registry-based estimation of cardiac event-free survival in congenital heart  disease complicated by pulmonary hypertension: A nationwide registry study from  Japan.
5900. Surgical management of adults with congenital heart disease in Serbia: A pilot  model.
5901. High prevalence of congenital heart disease among hospitalized neonates in  northwestern Tanzania; implications of maternal and environmental factors.
5902. Internal limiting membrane flap over the inner retinal clefts for macular  detachment associated with intrachoroidal cavitation.
5903. A Preschool-Aged Child in Tenwek, Kenya, With Limb Pain.
5904. Long-Term Outcomes of Trauma Patients After Treatment With Prehospital  Tranexamic Acid: A Subgroup Analysis From the PATCH-Trauma Trial.
5905. Fully endovascular management of late pseudoaneurysm after aortic coarctation  repair using graft sealing and coarctation occlusion.
5906. Endovascular innovation in a hostile abdomen: Repairing aortic rupture with a  physician-modified endograft.
5907. Modular living assembly of bone organoids with in situ guided vascularization.
5908. Nano-to-macroscale dual core-shell structured bioartificial ligament improves  outcomes of anterior cruciate ligament reconstruction in rats: A  proof-of-concept study.
5909. Symptoms Improve for Inpatient Adolescents According to Measurement-Based Care.
5910. Making fish oils in plants: from alpha to omega.
5911. The associations of sleep parameters with sexual quality of life among  postmenopausal women.
5912. Policy priorities for preventing a fertilizer affordability crisis from the  Strait of Hormuz disruption.
5913. IgA Vasculitis with necrotizing arteritis: a multicenter retrospective study  from the French Vasculitis Study Group and systematic review of the literature.
5914. Beyond Low-Dose CT: Rethinking Lung Cancer Screening in Survivors of Head and  Neck Cancer.
5915. Corrigendum to "Method development for sample preparation and GC-TEA/GC-MS  analysis of N-nitrosamines and N-nitrosatable substances in food contact  materials and infant products" [Talanta 308 (2026) 129935].
5916. The Impact of Artificial Intelligence on Radiology Specialty Preferences Among  Canadian Medical Students and Residents.
5917. Noninvasive Biomarkers for Graves' Orbitopathy: Clinical Relevance of  Circulating PAI-1, TGF-β and IGF-1R.
5918. Corrigendum to "Trifluoroacetic acid and ocular malformations in rabbits:  Proposed mechanisms of action" [Reprod. Toxicol. 143 (2026) 109258].
5919. Retraction notice to "Ginsenoside Re exerts neuroprotective in MPTP mice:  potential links to gut microbiota and serum metabolism" [Neuropharmacology 282  (2026) 110596].
5920. Variation in antibiotic use across intensive care units in the Netherlands.
5921. Do animal models represent the diversity of clinical Parkinson's disease?
5922. Rationally engineered cyano-modified graphite carbon nitride for enhanced  electrochemiluminescence and sensitive perfluorooctanoic acid sensing.
5923. Enhanced label-free SERS detection of uremic toxins in clinical spent dialysate.
5924. In-column click chemistry for preparation of octadecyl spherical covalent  organic framework modified silica reversed-phase mode stationary phase.
5925. ZIF-8 functionalized alginate-chitosan hybrid microspheres as a versatile  platform for α-glucosidase immobilization and high-throughput inhibitor  screening.
5926. CARES-Net: a channel-attention residual network for multi-disease classification  in small-sample (1)H NMR metabolomics data.
5927. Application, ecotoxicology and regulation of insecticides with special reference  to neonicotinoids.
5928. Effects of tributyltin as an obesogen chemical on mammalian adipose tissue.
5929. Juvenile-adult asymmetry in species interactions and risk-taking behavior:  mechanisms governing population stability.
5930. The effect and safety of violet light exposure for suppression of lens-induced  myopia in guinea pigs.
5931. Zearalenone (ZEA)-Induced intestinal epithelial cell (IPEC-J2) damage: Role of  oxidative stress and inflammation.
5932. OSBPL2 deficiency impaired autophagy and induced apoptosis in auditory cells via  AMPK-TFEB signalling pathway.
5933. Redox-sensitive m(6)A epitranscriptomic remodeling in cadmium stress and  toxicity.
5934. Mitochondrial complex I as a master regulator of redox signaling: From  structural architecture to directionality of electron transport.
5935. Lavandula angustifolia and microbial bioaugmentation synergistically reshape  rhizosphere microbiome and enhance heavy metals removal in historically  contaminated soils.
5936. The clinical challenge of Elizabethkingia infections: multidrug resistance,  epidemiology, and management strategies.
5937. Digital episodic memory tools for the identification of amnestic mild cognitive  impairment: A systematic review and an exploratory meta-analysis.
5938. Simulation of a pyrolysis plant for tropical agricultural residues: biochar  yield analysis and influence of feedstock properties.
5939. Yeast bioaugmentation fosters medium-chain carboxylates and  polyhydroxyalkanoates production from cheese whey.
5940. Higher-order interaction effects among operating conditions and feedstocks shape  reactor microbiomes and fatty acid production profiles.
5941. Aphantasia is associated with spatial memory and navigation difficulties in  complex virtual environments.
5942. Development of an alternative neutralization assay using Akabane virus-based  transcription and replication-competent virus-like particles.
5943. The Imaging Challenge of a Pulmonary Pseudotumor: Unraveling the Diagnosis of  Anomalous Systemic Arterial Supply to the Normal Lung.
5944. Association of age and cardiometabolic risk factors with cardiac diastolic  function change in patients with bipolar disorder.
5945. Temporal stability of depression symptom networks across cultures: Longitudinal  analysis of MIDUS and MIDJA.
5946. Constant-routine protocol reveals an endogenous circadian rhythm in diet-induced  thermogenesis with a peak in the biological morning.
5947. Imported malaria in Trinidad, West Indies: Detection of multiple non-endemic  Plasmodium species.
5948. SNAP MRI reveals association between distal cerebral arterial flow and cognitive  function in an aging population.
5949. Fast MR elastography via deep learning-based phase interpolation: A technical  feasibility study.
5950. Metal resistant bacterial diversity and abundance in four United Kingdom and  Indian rivers with different levels of metal and fecal pollution.
5951. Unveiling hidden heavy metal hotspots in mining landscapes using integrated  hyperspectral remote sensing.
5952. Eco-restorative plant-microbe-biostimulant system for nitro-PAHs detoxification:  a one health approach to urban soil carbon recovery.
5953. Lactiplantibacillus plantarum F57 mitigates waterborne polypropylene  microplastic-induced liver injury via gut microbiota modulation in zebrafish.
5954. Associations of residential green and blue space with risk of esophageal  squamous cell carcinoma and gastric cancer: Mediating roles of air pollution.
5955. Diagnosing the spatiotemporal evolution of anthropogenic CO(2) emission drivers  in China under systemic disruptions using interpretable machine learning.
5956. Pediatric blood pressure vulnerability to meteorological hazards: Lagged and  nonlinear effects of temperature-humidity exposure in urban China.
5957. Effects of temperature changes on oxidative stress and mud crab reovirus (MCRV)  replication in mud crab (Scylla paramamosain).
5958. Genipin dismantles WSSV's metabolic support system by targeting PC and PEPCK in  shrimp.
5959. Traditional left ventricular indices outperform novel cardiovascular magnetic  resonance-derived left atrial parameters in predicting adverse left ventricular  remodelling after ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction.
5960. Early vs delayed opioid administration for pediatric sickle cell vaso-occlusive  crisis: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
5961. Disparities in the use of anxiolysis or sedation for facial laceration repair in  the pediatric emergency department.
5962. Multi-frequency autocorrelation mapping for shear wave elastography in  reverberant wavefields.
5963. Effect of dexmedetomidine as an adjuvant in erector spinae plane block on  postoperative analgesia in thoracolumbar spine surgery with an opioid free  anaesthesia technique: A prospective randomized clinical trial.
5964. Machine learning for survival prediction after brain tumor stereotactic  radiosurgery: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
5965. The role of preoperative medical therapy on prolactin normalization following  prolactinoma resection: evaluating longitudinal prolactin trajectories using  linear mixed-effects modeling.
5966. Retraction notice to "microRNA-107 functions as a candidate tumor suppressor  gene in renal clear cell carcinoma involving multiple genes" [Urologic Oncology:  Seminars and Original Investigations 33 (2015) 205.e1-205.e11].
5967. Mixed-valence {Mo(16)} polyoxometalate enables redox-mediated active site  regeneration for superior photocatalytic N(2) fixation.
5968. A novel strategy for the in-situ construction of superhydrophobic coatings via  electrophoretic deposition.
5969. Low-coordinated-site-mediated adsorption-migration mechanism: silver-supported  zirconium dioxide-catalyzed selective hydrogenation of diethyl oxalate.
5970. Enhanced bicarbonate electrolysis using bipolar membranes with accelerated water  dissociation.
5971. Chain length dependent stabilization of charged nanoplatelet dispersions by  inorganic polyphosphates.
5972. Enthalpy-regulated PtCoNiCuCr high-entropy alloy for superior oxygen reduction  reaction activity and stability in fuel cells.
5973. Developmental patterns of socioemotional competencies in children with and  without disabilities.
5974. Retraction notice to "Improved Cr (VI) adsorption performance in wastewater and  groundwater by synthesized magnetic adsorbent derived from Fe3O4 loaded corn  straw biochar" [Environ. Res. 216 (2023) 114764].
5975. An alternative scalp incision for deep brain stimulation surgery: A long term  follow-up study.
5976. Acetazolamide-challenged ASL shows comparable performance to CT perfusion for  angiographic outcomes in moyamoya angiopathy.
5977. Dietary Artemisia annua leaf powder modulates intestinal response and cecal  microbiota of broiler chickens during peak Eimeria infection.
5978. Reevaluating manganese requirements of broiler chickens under phytase  supplementation.
5979. Genomic diversity, population structure and runs of homozygosity in Spanish  native chicken breeds assessed with high-density SNP data.
5980. Spatiotemporal screening and functional analysis of gut microbiota associated  with abdominal fat deposition in breeder broiler hens.
5981. Portosystemic shunt creation in hepatic malignancies: Evaluation of risk for  pulmonary metastasis development and progression.
5982. Knowledge distillation for TBI prognosis: Addressing feature mismatch in  heterogeneous clinical datasets.
5983. Federated learning: A new frontier in the exploration of multi-institutional  medical imaging data.
5984. Patient-specific continuous non-invasive blood pressure waveform in computed  tomography derived fractional flow reserve calculation: Comparison with  population-based pressure models.
5985. Machine learning-driven analysis of serum GDF15 trajectories identifies novel  sepsis sub-phenotypes and predicts 28-day mortality.
5986. Ginsenoside Rh2 inhibits epithelial-mesenchymal transition in triple-negative  breast cancer cell via disrupting the HIF-1α/YAP nuclear translocation axis.
5987. DEC-205-mediated liposomal delivery of OVA and Eucommia polysaccharides:  dendritic cell targeting, adjuvant activity, and TLR-NF-κB-mediated immune  enhancement.
5988. Environmental pollutants, bisphenol A and di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate, induce  spontaneous dermatitis-like skin lesions via TLR4/NF-κB/ferroptosis.
5989. Prognostic significance of PCR-based measurable residual disease post-induction  and during consolidation in pediatric KMT2A-rearranged acute myeloid leukemia.
5990. Investigation of the on-column oxidative formation of impurity D during  amlodipine impurities profiling by UHPLC.
5991. Systematic development and optimization of a cIEF method for the charge variants  analysis of moderately basic to basic monoclonal antibodies using the Analytical  Quality by Design strategy.
5992. Enhanced microbial synergy and electron transfer in Feammox: mechanisms driven  by streamlined continuous flow systems.
5993. Microbial ecological governance of 1,4-dioxane biodegradation under staged  nutrient stimulation.
5994. Pea protein isolate as a versatile and sustainable protein: basic  characteristics, applications, and limitations.
5995. Chitosan-based hydrogel coating via electrostatic spraying for fruit  preservation.
5996. High-sensitivity detection of selenium in rice using argon assisted with  laser-induced breakdown spectroscopy (Ar-LIBS).
5997. Cardiovascular screening in homeless outreach: An operationally-ethical  protocol.
5998. SPLiNet: Lightweight prediction of protein-RNA interaction sites by integrating  a structure-aware protein language model with a dual-branch network.
5999. In-line spectroscopic measurement of pH profiles using methyl orange:  Application to pH transients in protein A chromatography.
6000. Estimation of phosphorus concentration in doped silicon substrates using atom  probe tomography.
6001. Tumour growth kinetics and stage progression during treatment delay in oral  squamous cell carcinoma.
6002. Epilepsy transition of care: Lessons and insights from an academic adult-based  epilepsy transition program in the US.
6003. Progestin-only implant and breast cancer risk in adolescents and premenopausal  women: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
6004. An experimental study of triplet spin-lattice relaxation in the system  naphthalene-pentacene.
6005. Mineralocorticoid and glucocorticoid receptors in the mammalian inner ear: a  scoping review.
6006. Complex pathogen interactions in upper respiratory tract infections in  commercial free-range layers: A cross-sectional study.
6007. The intelligent ear: AI and hearing aids information seeking and users'  discussion on social media.
6008. Chronic Comparison of Short Recovery Stress Scale in Trained Individuals  Completing Traditional or Accentuated Eccentric Loading.
6009. Comparison Between Eccentric-Concentric and Eccentric-Only Dumbbell Arm Curl  Exercise for the Number of Repetitions to Failure Over Five Sets.
6010. Spatial Distribution of Prostate Cancer Missed by MRI-Targeted Biopsy, Effect of  a Perilesional Template, and Restaging in a Radical Prostatectomy Cohort.
6011. Factors predicting health-enhancing physical activity in patients with chronic  widespread pain following a person-centred health plan.
6012. Adolescent predictors of post-traumatic growth during the COVID-19 pandemic: a  28-year longitudinal study.
6013. The Relationship Between Cognitive Function and Micronutrient Levels in  Non-Geriatric Patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
6014. Occupational HPV exposure and vaccination among healthcare workers: Implications  for institutional vaccination strategies.
6015. Invasive Pneumococcal Disease burden, clinical characteristics, serotypes'  distribution, immunization status and antimicrobial resistance: Evidence from  12-year hospital-based surveillance and cost analysis.
6016. Self-assembled non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug-peptide hydrogel to  effectively mitigate ocular inflammation.
6017. Childhood maltreatment and psychopathology during collective trauma: the  longitudinal role of betrayal-related moral injury.
6018. Psychological Resilience in Children With Lower Limb Deformities: A Multicenter  Quality of Life Study.
6019. Comment on: Long-term outcomes of corneal crosslinking for keratoconus across  pediatric, adolescent, and adult populations in a diverse U.S. population.
6020. A scoping review of theoretical and measurement approaches to women's  empowerment in low-and middle-income countries' capacity-building interventions.
6021. Bedside estimation of lean body weight for regional anaesthesia.
6022. The rhetoric of community participation in maternal and perinatal death  surveillance and response (MPDSR) in Kenya: Qualitative study.
6023. Symptomatic Benign Prostate Hyperplasia May Increase the Risk of Kidney Stones.
6024. Response to Letter to the Editor on: "No Cystometrogram Among Veterans With  Spinal Cord Injury Results in Adverse Urinary System Outcomes," by N. Yıldız and  S. Ötken.
6025. Beyond Age: Exploring Health Literacy, Well-Being, and Stress Management Among  the Elderly.
6026. Distribution of divalent small interfering RNA into neurons of sensory ganglia  produces selective, durable knockdown of Nav1.7 and strong analgesia.
6027. The Needs of Patients with Cancer Interested in Complementary and Alternative  Medicine with Respect to the Physician's Attitude and Behaviour.
6028. Effects of extended-release topical polyhexanide in a Staphylococcus  aureus-induced murine dermatitis model characterized by IL-36 expression.
6029. Correction to "Diagnostic Yield and Clinical Impact of a Small Genetic Panel for  Kidney Disease: A Multicenter, Retrospective European Study".
6030. Clinical and economic burden of respiratory syncytial virus among adults  hospitalised with acute respiratory infections in Portugal.
6031. The Association of First Provider Seen With Time Loss From Work Among Workers  With Back Injury: A Cohort Study.
6032. The Epidemiology of Working Life: Reorganizing Occupational Health Science  Around Work-Structured Exposure Systems.
6033. Bufalin post-transcriptionally suppresses STAT3 to alleviate renal ferroptosis  and tubulointerstitial fibrosis in diabetic kidney disease.
6034. Integrated cell-free DNA and omics genetic scores for early detection of  gestational diabetes: evidence from a nationwide multicenter study.
6035. The association between regional anesthesia and postoperative pulmonary  complications following lung resection surgery: a hospital-based, retrospective  cohort study.
6036. miR-34 regulates cuticle pigmentation by targeting Bm-iAANAT and Bmserpin3 in  Bombyx mori.
6037. Overexpression of SLC44A4 suppresses ferroptosis and reduces lipid peroxidation  via noncanonical NF-κB signaling in a NIK-dependent manner.
6038. Italy is ready-extended PrEP cascade, and determinants of intention to use  long-acting PrEP and unmet PrEP needs among men who have sex with men, trans*  individuals, heterosexual women, and men.
6039. Prognostic factors in malaria patients with acute kidney injury: a systematic  review and meta analysis.
6040. Pancreatic cyst epidemiology defined by endoscopic ultrasound: A single-center  longitudinal study.
6041. Cigarette smoking drives earlier development of pancreatic adenocarcinoma among  carriers of hereditary pancreatic cancer susceptibility genes.
6042. Corrigendum to "A review on biohydrogen production through dark fermentation via  the lactate pathway" [Bioresour. Technol. 454 (2026) 134726].
6043. Corrigendum to "Overexpression of Dentin matrix protein 1 in Nestin+ cells  causes bone loss in mouse long bone" [Biochem. Biophys. Res. Communications 490  (2017) 356-363].
6044. Periodontal ligament stem cell-derived exosomal miR-378a programs osteogenic  commitment via DAZAP2/SMAD signaling.
6045. Corrigendum to "Impaired spine formation and learning in GPCR kinase 2  interacting protein-1 (GIT1) knockout mice" [Brain Res. 1317 (2010) 218-26].
6046. Corrigendum to "Adaptive finite time fractional-order sliding mode based robust  tracking control of quadrotor UAVs in the presence of stochastic disturbances  and parametric uncertainties" [ISA Trans 172 (2026) 306-319].
6047. Systemic Antibiotics in the Surgical Treatment of Peri-Implantitis: Impact on  the Salivary Microbiome.
6048. Application of integrated slice-specific dynamic shimming diffusion weighted  imaging (DWI) in upper abdomen.
6049. Microbial community insights into antimicrobial rice-straw lignin fractions  during poultry litter vermicomposting and their effects on Abelmoschus  esculentus (L.) growth.
6050. Stressed-out parenting brain: Effects of parenting stress, depression and  anxiety on caregivers' brain structure and function.
6051. Prim-O-glucosylcimifugin ameliorates rheumatoid arthritis by targeting GBP5 to  suppress pyroptosis and inhibit synovial cell proliferation.
6052. Desmoplasia and therapeutic resistance in pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma.
6053. Does transthoracic impedance influence termination and recurrence of ventricular  fibrillation during impedance-compensated shocks for out-of-hospital cardiac  arrest? A retrospective study.
6054. Prevalence and Characteristics of Generative Artificial Intelligence Policies in  Vascular Surgery Journals: A Cross-Sectional Review.
6055. A novel multiepitope peptide vaccine with intrinsic adjuvant confers protective  immunity in mice against tuberculosis.
6056. Thymoquinone is effective in thioacetamide-induced liver damage via the  RIP1/RIP3/MLKL axis.
6057. SHANK2A overexpression in forebrain neurons induces early-life communication  deficits in mice.
6058. Pretransplant muscle status as a predictive marker for diarrhea duration and  hospital length of stay in patients undergoing hematopoietic stem cell  transplantation: a prospective cohort analysis.
6059. Genetic analysis and in silico prediction of CACNA1S and RYR1 variants of sudden  unexplained nocturnal death syndrome in Thai population.
6060. Dietary supplementation with Cuscuta chinensis improves ovarian function and  production performance in aged laying hens via modulation of steroid hormone  biosynthesis and gut microbiota.
6061. Jumping-to-conclusions bias, cognitive function, and intolerance of uncertainty  in adolescents with major depressive disorder.
6062. Use of arts & humanities in pharmacy education to develop humanistic skills: A  scoping review.
6063. Unlocking the potential of Pineapple (Ananas comosus) polysaccharides: A review  on extraction methods, structures, bioactive properties and food applications.
6064. Amplification-free light-activated CRISPR/Cas12a system with nano-amplifier for  quantitative detection of non-nucleic acid targets.
6065. A portable Cas13a self-cascading cyclic amplification-integrated system enables  multiple respiratory tract viruses analysis within minutes at point-of-needs.
6066. Theoretical mechanisms and guided regulation for predicting multicolor  fluorescence in NH···N-based dual-ESIPT materials.
6067. Cognitive-behavioral treatment of gender dysphoria in youth: Opportunities,  challenges, and responsibilities.
6068. Regional alterations of parvalbumin interneurons in human App knock-in mouse  model of Alzheimer's disease pathology.
6069. Clinical quality of breath-held T1-weighted breast MRI in the supine position.
6070. 3D-printed lithium-incorporated strontium calcium phosphate scaffolds as bone  regenerative materials: Fabrication, physicochemical characterization, and in  vitro biological evaluation.
6071. Care, commerce, and conflict: A multimodal discourse analysis of dietary  guidance for gastrointestinal cancer survivors on Xiaohongshu.
6072. Housing and malaria risk: Evidence across ecological and climatic gradients in  sub-Saharan Africa.
6073. A retrospective comparison of two state-funded smartphone-based contingency  management programs with different incentives.
6074. A Cd(II) post-modified hydrogen-bonded organic framework toward sensitive uranyl  ion detection via turn-off fluorescence.
6075. A critical analysis on ENaC inhibitors, unravelling molecular medicinal insights  and promising research roadmap in the treatment of cystic fibrosis.
6076. Predictors of early neurological deterioration and 6-month outcome in older  adults with moderate traumatic brain injury.
6077. Integrated metabolomics and computational pharmacology to reveal the  complementary antidiabetic mechanisms of Tithonia-Curcuma-Moringa (TCM)  polyherbal.
6078. Direction and Vision for Journal of Vascular and Interventional Radiology:  Commentary by the New Editors-in-Chief.
6079. Balancing the modulation of soy protein structure to achieve improved texture  and reduced antigenicity in soy yogurt: A practical approach of proteolytic  pretreatment and lactic acid bacteria fermentation.
6080. Effects of whole lotus root powder particle size on gel properties and  microstructure of duck emulsified sausage: Underlying mechanisms of gelling  behavior.
6081. Effect of starches on the preparation and properties of special low-protein  scones.
6082. Quality enhancement of Pacific white shrimp (Litopenaeus vannamei) during frozen  storage via static magnetic field-assisted freezing: insights into myofibrillar  protein structure and functionality.
6083. Simultaneous enantioselective determination of 30 chiral pesticides in  vegetables: enantiomeric composition, separation, and absolute quantification  using LC-MS/MS.
6084. Prevalence and epidemiologic patterns of feline parasitism detected by fecal  examination in the United States, 2023.
6085. Targeting Psoroptes ovis MIF to improve skin barrier function: A novel  prophylactic strategy for psoroptic mange.
6086. Targeting inflammatory pathways in rheumatoid arthritis management using  phytochemicals and mechanistic insights.
6087. Paradoxical Bispectral Index-Burst Suppression Combinations as Evidence of  Neural Inertia and Multidimensional Anesthetic States.
6088. Assessment of the relationship between maternal cardiometabolic health and fetal  growth in pregnant women living with HIV on antiretroviral therapy in Mthatha,  South Africa.
6089. EXPRESSION OF CONCERN: Selective Upregulation of Interleukin-8 by Human  Rhabdomyosarcomas in Response to Hypoxia: Therapeutic Implications.
6090. Ginger-based formulations for allergic rhinitis disease: a systematic review and  meta-analysis of experimental studies in animals and humans.
6091. A Rare Case of Successful Perioperative Management of a Child With Oropharyngeal  Sharp Foreign Body Penetrating the Brain stem: A Case Report.
6092. Effect of Intraoperative Regional Anesthesia on Postoperative Outcomes in  Pediatric Cardiac Surgery-A Systematic Review of Randomized Controlled Trials.
6093. Parallel screening strategies reveal distinct phenotypic and genotypic profiles  of familial hypercholesterolemia in children and adults.
6094. Environmental pollution, apolipoprotein A-1 autoantibodies and cardiovascular  risk: evidence from a geospatial cross-sectional study.
6095. The pachytene-specific lncRNA 1700008K24Rik is essential for mouse  spermatogenesis and functions as a conserved piRNA precursor.
6096. The RNAi machinery regulates lovastatin biosynthesis via microRNA-like RNAs in  industrial Aspergillus terreus.
6097. Associations Between Physical Activity and Nutrition Self-efficacy and  Self-Reported Physical Activity in Residents of Resource-limited Neighborhoods.
6098. Intravascular extension of uterine sarcoma: A rare presentation mimicking venous  thromboembolism.
6099. Systemic venous collaterals and congenital portosystemic shunt: Overlooked  causes of Glenn shunt failure-A case report.
6100. Initial experience using VenaCore Catheter for chronic DVT patient.
6101. A rare and severe case of toxic megacolon: Radiological emergency.
6102. Osteonecrosis of the humeral head under corticosteroid therapy for non-medical  reason in a 14-year-old female patient: A case report.
6103. Right ventricular-pulmonary arterial coupling may discriminate late right heart  failure outcomes in left ventricular assist device recipients.
6104. Intentional subintimal loop technique for orientation recovery in superficial  femoral artery chronic total occlusion with pedal-origin controlled antegrade  and retrograde subintimal tracking.
6105. Iliac branch device for infrarenal aortic dissection: A novel off-label  strategy.
6106. Severe foreign body reaction with spontaneous extrusion of glue after  cyanoacrylate closure of the great saphenous vein.
6107. Unique repair of a mycotic extent IV thoracoabdominal aortic aneurysm using a  visceral branching technique with previous axillobifemoral bypass minimizing  ischemia time.
6108. Cerebrofacial arteriovenous metameric syndrome: Case report and brief literature  review.
6109. Histopathological findings in a mass mortality event in a Helix aspersa maxima  farm: possible association with calcium metabolism alterations.
6110. Establishment of methods for the detection of Salmonella species by conventional  and quantitative real-time PCR.
6111. The prediction of essential medicine demand using machine learning and  traditional methods on EPSS Gondar hub 2018-2022 data.
6112. Ammonia-induced cell death patterns in glioblastoma: Immune landscape,  prognostic signature, and therapeutic target identification.
6113. From inactivation to intervention: X chromosome silencing in disease  pathogenesis and emerging therapeutic strategies.
6114. Reliable resting-state EEG connectivity measures reveal brain network  destabilization and cognitive decoupling following prolonged extreme working  conditions.
6115. Evaluation of the laboratory performance of MolecuTech®REBA MTB-MDR kit for the  detection of multidrug resistant tuberculosis.
6116. Navigating AI governance for oncology nursing: Existing models, implications,  and a Call for nurse-led oversight in Asia Pacific health systems.
6117. Intraocular lens exchange for vision-dependent vestibular disorder after  cataract surgery: A case report.
6118. Progress toward the 2030 targets of Brazil's Strategic Action Plan for  noncommunicable diseases: a time-series and projection analysis of risk factors.
6119. Partisan differences in childhood measles vaccination and general refusals: a  retrospective cohort study of electronic health records in the United States,  1988-2024.
6120. Early atherogenesis: In search of etiology.
6121. Dietary coated sodium selenite enhances muscle growth associated with  mitochondrial function in sub-adult grass carp (Ctenopharyngodon idellus).
6122. Terminology in cervical cerclage.
6123. Linear/arciform blaschkoid lupus erythematosus tumidus of the face - An  extremely rare clinical manifestation.
6124. Comparison of Robotic vs Laser Enucleation of the Prostate for Treatment of  Benign Prostatic Hyperplasia.
6125. Diagnostic utility of the platelet-to-thrombin-antithrombin complex ratio in  heatstroke: a single-center retrospective analysis.
6126. A comparative study of efficacy of fractional carbon dioxide laser with and  without subcision in treatment of facial acne scars.
6127. Hydrocarbon Toxicity in Migrants: A Call for Collective Action.
6128. Soil-derived microbiota induces T regulatory cells and protect against mouse  colitis, metabolic disease, and sepsis.
6129. Microbiome functional gene pathways are indicative of cognitive performance in  older adults at risk for Alzheimer's disease.
6130. Association of Immune Checkpoint Inhibitors With Otologic Symptoms: A Propensity  Score-Matched Study.
6131. Optimizing Care for Growth and Puberty in Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy: A Survey  of Clinical Practice in the OPTIMIZE DMD Consortium.
6132. Culmerciclib: First Approval.
6133. Correction to "Early-life dietary exposure to perfluorooctanoic acid (PFOA)  through milk consumption: A systematic review".
6134. Development of a nomogram model for individualized prediction of fetal growth  restriction in pregnant women with iron deficiency anemia.
6135. Corrigendum to "Sustainable insect pest management using bioactive compounds  derived from marine macroalgae: A comprehensive review" [Bioresour. Technol. 455  (2026) 134672].
6136. Integrating five linear trend techniques into performance-criteria-based effect  size measurements: Impressions and recommendations.
6137. Legacy and emerging organophosphate compounds in plateau rivers: Insights into  environmental fate and risk from target and nontarget analyses.
6138. Environmental, ecotoxicological, and human health impacts of a major tailings  dam collapse: a systematic review of current knowledge and research gaps.
6139. Monitoring of persistent organic pollutants in mosses: results from the German  moss monitoring surveys 2015 and 2020.
6140. Pre-existing liver dysfunction modulates di-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate  (DEHP)-associated biological responses through host-microbiome networks.
6141. Persistently high oxidative burden of PM(2.5) amidst declining mass  concentration: Evidence from long-term observation in Shanghai.
6142. Divergent copulatory and anxiety-related behaviors in swiss male mice challenge  the concept of ejaculatory endophenotypes.
6143. The protective effects of phenolic-rich breadfruit (Artocarpus altilis) ethanol  extract against trichloroethylene-induced nephrotoxicity: In vivo and in silico  studies.
6144. Gengnianshou formula inhibits estrogen deficiency induced obesity via an  HSPA5-associated phosphatidylcholine (PC) regulatory pathway:  Ethnopharmacological relevance and mechanistic insights from network  pharmacology and multi-omics.
6145. Chronic cortical imaging to measure vibrotactile-response plasticity of  deafferented hindlimbs in a rat model of spinal cord injury.
6146. Spatial patterning of biomimetic signals in corneal regeneration.
6147. Caged xanthones with cytotoxic activity from the leaves and twigs of Garcinia  oligantha.
6148. The dark side of light exposure: impacts on object recognition memory and  spatial associative memory in Wistar rats.
6149. "Shut up! Don't look at me!": A qualitative description of body image and  attention among elite athletes.
6150. Experimental and numerical investigation of container closure integrity in  prefilled syringes at ultracold temperatures.
6151. Empirical examination of early maternal-infant bonding disturbances: Latent  class analysis and development of a clinical decision rule.
6152. Building a programmable protein factory: Recent advances in expression element  engineering for Komagataella phaffii.
6153. Biochemical and biophysical characterization of a cold-active yet highly  thermostable manganese superoxide dismutase (CsMnSOD) from Camellia sinensis.
6154. Subtype-specific mortality in idiopathic inflammatory myopathies: A  hospital-based cohort.
6155. Moderate hypofractionated boost to the prostate with pelvic radiotherapy in  high-risk prostate cancer (MOB-RT) - a phase 2 study: acute safety and quality  of life outcomes.
6156. Targeting neuronal HK2 alleviates glutamate neurotoxicity and MCAO-induced  ischemic brain injury.
6157. Artematrolide F suppresses communication between hepatocellular carcinoma cells  and hepatic stellate cells to attenuate liver cancer progression through  targeting YKT6.
6158. Molecular pathways and clinical applications of probiotics as effective  supporters of intestinal, neurologic, and cardiovascular health: A narrative  review.
6159. Combined partial coronoidectomy and reduction malarplasty versus reduction  malarplasty alone in patients with elongated coronoid processes: A comparative  retrospective study.
6160. A novel β-cyclodextrin-based chiral stationary phase for enantioseparation and  evaluation of paclobutrazol enantioselective degradation and bioaccumulation in  a soil-earthworm system.
6161. Integrated 16S rRNA gene sequencing and LC-MS/MS-based metabolomics to explore  potential mechanisms of Coptidis Rhizoma-Aucklandiae Radix herb pair against  antibiotic-associated diarrhea.
6162. Bidirectional ion-supply interface enables efficient active material utilization  in wood-derived thick electrodes for ammonium-ion storage.
6163. Characterization, lytic activity, and therapeutic efficacy of a novel phage,  BUCT789, lysing drug-resistant Escherichia coli in Galleria mellonella larvae.
6164. Sustainable downscaled chemical and pharmaceutical analysis employing  micro-liter solution handling and renewable natural materials with image  processing: Acid-base titration.
6165. Information gain-based molecular ecological network reveals core microbial taxa  involved in gastrointestinal recovery following H. pylori infection and  intervention with Weizmannia coagulans BC99 in mice.
6166. Association of fluid creep and maintenance fluids on major adverse kidney events  in critically ill patients - An observational cohort study.
6167. Cobalt-doped carbon dots nanozymes for dual-readout colorimetric detection of  ascorbic acid in fruits.
6168. Insights into the multi-scale starch structure and sugar profile of fermented  Sorghum grains (Sorghum bicolor (L) Moench) in solid-state stacking fermentation  of sauce-flavor baijiu.
6169. Tianeptine misuse and addiction: A systematic review of withdrawal, toxicity,  and clinical management.
6170. The epigenetic archaeology of human-dog companionship.
6171. A Modular Nucleoside Kinase Cascade for the Synthesis of Ribonucleoside  Triphosphates.
6172. Chromosome-level genome and transcriptome analysis of Trichophyton verrucosum  reveals pathogenicity mechanisms and antifungal response.
6173. Real-World Safety and Effectiveness of Lasmiditan in Patients with Migraine: A  Post-Marketing Observational Study in Japan.
6174. Response Regarding: RECIST Responses to Radiation in Retroperitoneal Soft Tissue  Sarcoma: When and How Often Do They Occur?
6175. Corrigendum to "Kobuvirus VP3 protein restricts the IFN-β-triggered signaling  pathway by inhibiting STAT2-IRF9 and STAT2-STAT2 complex formation" [Virology  507 (2017) 161-169].
6176. 3rd Brazil-France symposium on medicinal chemistry.
6177. Diagnostic Performance of Ultrasound-Guided Omental Core Needle Biopsy: Impact  of Coaxial Technique and Complementary Role of Ascitic Fluid Cytology in 463  Patients.
6178. P2Y12 receptor in trigeminal ganglion contributes to CFA-induced mechanical  allodynia in mice.
6179. Bidirectional associations between daily sleep and pain severity in adults with  rheumatoid arthritis: A daily diary and actigraphy study.
6180. Tunnel Transposition versus Lipectomy for Second-Stage Superficialization of  Deep Brachiocephalic Arteriovenous Fistulas: A Multicenter Retrospective Study.
6181. Integrated Multiomics Reveals Key Drivers and Immune Cell Phenotypes of  Infrapopliteal Atherosclerosis and Calcification.
6182. Early Access Protocol Reduces Time to Arteriovenous Fistula Cannulation and  Catheter Dependency.
6183. Systemic flavonoid exposure and NF-κB mediated suppression of Th2 responses by  Ziziphus spina-christi attenuate HDM-induced allergic asthma.
6184. Transcript‑activated matrices with optimized mRNA designs to direct  chondroblastic lineage commitment.
6185. Transcriptomic profiling of oocyte maturation in allotetraploid hybrid fish and  identification of HSD17b12 mediating DHP synthesis.
6186. Magnetic recyclable CoFe(2)O(4)/lignin spheres: Enhanced peroxydisulfate  activation for neonicotinoid insecticide remediation.
6187. Health impacts of bus rapid transit systems in seven cities worldwide.
6188. Clinical Spectrum and Management of Hypervitaminosis A: A Systematic Review of  Case-Based Evidence.
6189. JAK2 V617F as a diagnostic and prognostic biomarker in myeloproliferative  neoplasms.
6190. Gelatin-based materials with inverse structures: Porous hydrogels compared to  hydrogel particles.
6191. Modeling 3D Glioblastoma: A review of spheroid culture techniques and  standardization challenges.
6192. Unveiling C1QBP: A New Guardian of Dopaminergic Neuron in Parkinson's disease by  targeting ULK1 to promote mitophagy and maintain mitochondrial function.
6193. Intramuscular mitochondria transplantation ameliorates paclitaxel-induced  peripheral neuropathy by restoring neuronal mitochondrial homeostasis and  function.
6194. Kynurenine pathway impact on immune evasion and inflammation in acute myeloid  leukemia.
6195. Commentary; The ACTIVE trial (Snow et al.). Why did it take so long for ACI to  be approved for use in the UK?
6196. Temporal Trends in the Complexity of Nephrology Inpatients: A Population-Based  Cohort Study.
6197. Sex differences in persistent decline in neurological function after modeling  repetitive sport-related mild head injuries in young mice.
6198. First experiences in a US clinical laboratory with Oncomine Dx Express Test:  Evaluation in formalin-fixed paraffin-embedded tissues.
6199. Hydrogels-based nasal sprays for nose-to-brain delivery: Formulation strategies,  composite systems, and performance optimization.
6200. Dynamic RRM Motions Encode Divergent Oligomerization Paths of hnRNP A2/B1 and A1  During Nucleic Acid Recognition.
6201. Diagnostic yield of gravity based diagnostic thoracentesis in suspected  malignant pleural effusion (GBTIME): A pilot study.
6202. Neural alterations in Pavlovian reversal learning link childhood trauma and  transdiagnostic anxiety in youth.
6203. Nanoplasmid PSMA DNA vaccine primes antitumor immunity and enhances response to  PD-1 blockade against prostate cancer.
6204. Immunomodulatory and cellular effects of Aeromonas salmonicida melanin in  Atlantic salmon (Salmo salar).
6205. Genome-wide characterization of the MARCH gene family and its negative  regulation of IFN signaling in barbel chub (Squaliobarbus curriculus).
6206. A simple solid-phase approach for the synthesis of DOTA-conjugated  α-ketoamide-based fibroblast activation protein-targeted ligands.
6207. Therapeutic efficacy and antigenicity of a novel PEGylated IgA protease in  preclinical models of IgA nephropathy.
6208. The relative association of coaches' technical and interpersonal behaviours on  perceptions of cohesion and performance in university sport teams.
6209. Neuronutrition in ASD: Involvement of gut microbiota, oxidative stress and  inflammatory markers.
6210. Phomactin derivatives from an endophytic fungus Biatriospora peruviensis  KMU22204 associated with Delphinium yunnanense and their PAFR antagonist  activities.
6211. The role of cuproptosis in osteoporosis: Molecular mechanisms and cell-specific  regulation in bone metabolic imbalance.
6212. Evaluation of sensitive period, accumulation, and social mobility mechanisms  linking neighborhood socioeconomic deprivation to mental health during  adolescence and young adulthood: A life-course, causal inference approach.
6213. Powerless and pressured: Mental health vulnerabilities in the context of  prolonged blackouts in Cuba.
6214. Ultrasonic non-destructive testing method based on a flexible microchannel array  acoustic metasurface lens.
6215. The corrosion behavior of thermal pipeline steel induced by Desulfovibrio  ferrophilus.
6216. Prediction of intrinsic clearance using an explainable learning framework  integrating molecular fingerprints and graph representation.
6217. From documentation to discovery: clinicians' perspectives on the generation,  usability and standardization of real-world data.
6218. Impact of sodium and calcium chloride uptake on the interfacial behavior of ice:  Premelting, structure, and dynamics.
6219. Construction of single lithium-ion conducting solid-state electrolyte by  amorphous metal-organic framework.
6220. Trichoderma modulates Pseudomonas metabolism: Co-inoculation enhances phosphorus  acquisition of Pyrus betulifolia in calcareous soil.
6221. Cytokine-mediated intrinsic and extrinsic regulation of anti-tumor adoptive T  cell therapy.
6222. Integrated histopathology-transcriptomic biomarker enhances survival prediction  in HNSCC patients treated with immunotherapy.
6223. Generating synthetic CT from MR images for radiation-free computer-assisted  quantification of hip morphology.
6224. Prevalence, determinants, and clinical relevance of MRI signs of osteitis pubis  in the large population-based cohort SHIP.
6225. DNA-inspired conjugated polymer biointerface for selective tumor cell capture  and noninvasive release.
6226. Core-shell inverse opal photonic crystal hydrogel microneedle patch integrating  pH and histamine sensing for salmon freshness monitoring.
6227. Network structure of artificial intelligence anxiety among nursing students and  educational implications: A multicenter network analysis.
6228. Structural elucidation of a novel xylylogalactan from Alpinia oxyphylla and the  GREM1-binding-associated anti-colorectal cancer activity of its sulfated  derivative.
6229. "It was red, it was inflamed": A qualitative study of patient perspectives on  musculoskeletal ultrasound in rheumatoid arthritis care.
6230. A full Bayesian random parameters Negative Binomial-Lindley model for fatal  pedestrian crash frequency on rural highways.
6231. A wireless and contactless radio frequency sensor to detect bilateral  tonic-clonic seizures and respiratory changes in the epilepsy monitoring unit: a  phase 0/1 study.
6232. Advancing Antimicrobial Stewardship in Canadian Dentistry: Early Insights Into a  Toolkit to De-implement Overprescribing.
6233. Study on the regulation of water-fat distribution, physical properties and  gluten molecular conformation of frozen dough by amphiphilic Tremella  polysaccharide - corn germ globulin gel.
6234. Dynamic ultra-high pressure modified soy protein isolate: Mechanism on the  stabilization of high internal phase emulsions and its application as pork  sausages.
6235. Enhancing nutritional, functional, and sensory qualities of whole-wheat bread  via Bacillus subtilis SH-mediated fiber modification.
6236. Evaluating the effects of regularization and cross-validation parameters on the  performance of SVM-based decoding of EEG data.
6237. Synthesis of poly (acrylic acid-co-acrylamide)/clay hydrogel via gamma  irradiation for radioactive Eu(III) removal from aqueous solutions.
6238. Oxytocin moderates father-infant dynamics during triadic family interaction: A  dynamic structural equation modeling approach.
6239. CardioRadNet: Cardiac mass diagnosis through integrated segmentation and  radiomic analysis.
6240. Regorafenib and R837 nanoparticle-stabilized Pickering emulsions overcome the  angiogenesis-immune tolerance axis in transarterial chemoembolization.
6241. Deciphering the multi-target mechanism of Magnolia officinalis in irritable  bowel syndrome with diarrhea: A combined network pharmacology, machine learning,  and in vivo validation study.
6242. Adrenocorticotropin hormone regulates sphingosine-1-phosphate synthesis via  cortisol in bovine adrenocortical cells.
6243. Endosomal escape and cytosolic delivery of cell-penetrating peptide conjugates.
6244. Adherence and effectiveness of multicomponent exercise fall prevention  programmes across delivery formats in community-dwelling older adults: a  systematic review and multilevel meta-analysis.
6245. Variational mode decomposition based prediction model for cough sounds using  Xception-GRU classifier.
6246. Design, synthesis and biological evaluation of proline-arginine rich hybrid  peptides against ESKAPE pathogens by inhibiting bacterial protein synthesis and  DNA replication.
6247. Restoring ovulation in functional hypothalamic amenorrhea: impact of polycystic  ovarian morphology on hormonal response to pulsatile GnRH.
6248. Microplastics in the rhizosphere: unraveling plant-microbe-soil interactions and  consequences for crop resilience.
6249. Autopsy practices for high-consequence infectious diseases: global guidelines,  alternatives, and the BSL-4 gap.
6250. Case-mix adjustments of patient reported experience measures in general  practice: variations between Norwegian municipalities.
6251. Flash electropolishing for TEM: Reducing FIB-induced defects in tungsten with  protocols for new materials.
6252. Bladder to Breast Milk-DMSO Treatment of Interstitial Cystitis.
6253. Salivary Microbiota From a Periodontitis Donor Is Associated With Altered  IgA-Related Immune Features in Germ-Free Mice.
6254. Fatty acids-based compounds as novel prophylaxis or treatment for oropharyngeal  Neisseria gonorrhoeae: an in vitro study.
6255. Isolating Eye-Movement Artifacts from EEG Signals.
6256. Prevalence of overweight and obesity among children in Greenland: a growing  concern.
6257. OsWRKY18 attenuates proteasomal degradation of OsbZIP48 to orchestrate zinc  homeostasis in rice.
6258. FLRT2 promotes foam cell formation and atherosclerosis by inhibiting  USP22-mediated ABCA1 deubiquitination.
6259. Interference of target protein translation in multivalent mRNA vaccine in  cell-based assay.
6260. Experimentally validated three-parameter dual-loop hybrid  fractional-order-TID-PD controller for stable and integrating processes with  time delay.
6261. Multi-attention collaborative temporal-spatial hypergraph attention network for  machinery fault diagnosis.
6262. Efficacy and Safety of Inhalational Insulin Compared With Rapid-Acting Insulin  Analogs: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
6263. Corrigendum to "Clustering of unhealthy lifestyle behaviors, self-rated health  and disability" [Preventive Medicine 55 (2022) 106911].
6264. Development of K-CORE: a web-based platform for integrated clinico-genomic  analysis.
6265. Photo-crosslinkable quaternized chitosan-based hydrogel for immunomodulation and  functional recovery in spinal cord injury.
6266. Designing pullulan phosphates with tunable structure-property relationships via  a multicomponent reaction system for potential biomedical applications.
6267. High-performance conductive eutectogel synthesized by carboxymethyl  cellulose-enhanced physicochemical dual network for supercapacitors and wearable  electronic devices.
6268. Ultralight, hydrophobic, and reusable cattail fiber/cellulose cryogels for  efficient oil spill remediation.
6269. Hybrid dextran/fibronectin nanogels for brain-targeted mitophagy inducer  delivery to alleviate neuroinflammation and neuronal loss of Parkinson's  disease.
6270. Beyond single parameters: How structural combinations determine chitosans'  antibacterial effects.
6271. Distinct degradation behavior of crystalline and amorphous domains in cellulose  under ionizing radiation.
6272. Lactic acid-mediated chitosan/starch complexation: A green strategy for  synergistically enhancing resistant starch content and sensory quality in lotus  root starch-based foods.
6273. Engineering dual α-1,3/α-1,6 glycosidic bonds in starch via a novel maltotriosyl  transferase for enhanced slow digestion and stability.
6274. Biaxially constrained drying strategy for fabricating strong and tough  quasi-isotropic alginate hydrogels.
6275. Physical and biological synergistic strategies: injectable CNF/CMC hydrogels  with cannabidiol@PCL microspheres for durable facial filling.
6276. Cellulose-based fluorescent materials for real-time visual detection of  Fe(3+)/Cu(2+) ions and anti-counterfeiting.
6277. Interpenetrating polymer network microspheres based on alginate and thiolated  CNF for tumor-triggered localized intratumoral therapy.
6278. Research progress on modified chitosan hydrogels for tissue repair and  regeneration.
6279. Corrigendum to "Preparation and characterization of  cellulose/N,N'-methylenebisacrylamide/graphene oxide hybrid hydrogels and  aerogels" [Carbohydrate Polymers 196 (2018) 289-298].
6280. Guard cell-enriched phosphoproteome reveals phosphorylation of endomembrane  proteins in closed stomata.
6281. Integrating artificial intelligence into dental student assessments: Current &  future status.
6282. Two-year clinical comparison of direct and indirect composite restorations in  severely damaged molars: A split-mouth randomized clinical study.
6283. Toxicological evaluation of α-Arbutin, a skin depigmenting agent, with emphasis  on mutagenicity assessment.
6284. Genome-wide identification of the CCCH-type zinc finger gene family and  functional characterization of PbrC3H45 in lignin biosynthesis of pear.
6285. Novel post-translational modification learning signature reveals DPP3 promotes  progression of psoriasis by enhancing inflammatory activation.
6286. Citrullination at the Nuclear Localization Signal of the Inhibitor of Growth 4  (ING4) Interferes With its Binding to Importin α3.
6287. Biophysical Characterization of Ebola VP35 Protein Binding to Host Mindbomb  Protein 2.
6288. Adipose-derived mesenchymal stem cell-conditioned medium promotes corneal  epithelial cell wound healing in vitro through cell-cycle activation.
6289. Tactile stimulation and newborn heart rate responses in the delivery room: an  observational video study.
6290. Unravelling the complexities of alcohol use in the context of loneliness and  stress: a systematic review and proposed model.
6291. Estrogen protects against ethanol-induced astrocytic response in dorsal  hippocampus but not ethanol-induced liver inflammation in ovariectomized mice.
6292. Osteoporotic fractures prevalence in Latin American countries: A systematic  review of literature and meta-analysis.
6293. Ethnopharmacological validation of the anti-inflammatory, analgesic and  antioxidant activities of Myrtus communis L. leaf extracts.
6294. Roles and mechanisms of Pueraria lobata radix in metabolic  dysfunction-associated steatotic liver disease.
6295. The Phytochrome Interacting Factor 3 (PIF3) mediates low accumulated temperature  (LAT) response in Brassica napus.
6296. Pathophysiological impact of nano- and microplastics on the kidney and their  potential role in blood pressure regulation.
6297. From waste to worth: valorizing lawn waste into carbon dots for saline  agricultural enhancement.
6298. Enhanced removal of nitrate, nickel, and ibuprofen from immobilized bioreactors  by tourmaline/biochar-modified polyurethane sponges.
6299. Reply to: "Establish a streamlined molecular profiling workflow for the clinical  management of advanced cholangiocarcinoma".
6300. Activity-driven engineering of Baeyer-Villiger monooxygenase from Thermobifida  fusca for the synthesis of methyl  (2S)-5-chloro-2-hydroxy-1-oxo-2,3-dihydro-1H-indene-2-carboylate: A key  precursor of (S)-indoxacarb.
6301. Early postoperative carbohydrate antigen 19-9 normalization drives prognosis  after pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma resection.
6302. Transplantation and Mortality as Competing Outcomes Among Patients on Dialysis  With Newly Diagnosed Cancer: A Longitudinal Cohort Study.
6303. Mechanistic investigation of the ameliorative effect of crocin on arsenic  trioxide-induced HT22 nerve cells injury based on network pharmacology and in  vitro validation.
6304. Pain, pain catastrophizing, and autonomic nervous system dysfunction after  traumatic injury: A prospective cohort study.
6305. Biocatalysis and biodegradation for efficient utilization of liquid n-alkanes.
6306. A post hoc analysis of BLISS-LN found Belimumab plus mycophenolate mofetil  improves kidney outcomes versus placebo plus mycophenolate mofetil in active  lupus nephritis.
6307. Dietary phytosterol modulates antioxidant and immune-related responses in  juvenile Litopenaeus vannamei fed low-fishmeal diets.
6308. Left main revascularization in the era of intracoronary imaging.
6309. Plasma transfusion therapy enhances recovery from traumatic brain injury.
6310. Bidirectional roles of senescence in tumor-infiltrating immune cells:  Mechanisms, impact on immunotherapy, and therapeutic strategies.
6311. Breathing slower is not always better: Slow-paced breathing enhances heart rate  variability but produces age-differential effects on emotional reactivity and  memory.
6312. Randomized clinical trial evaluating triazolopyridazine SLU-2633 as a treatment  for gastric cryptosporidiosis in eastern indigo snakes (Drymarchon couperi).
6313. Age-dependent modulation of CYP450 and MXR activity and physiological trade-offs  in Daphnia magna exposed to organic UV filters.
6314. Principles of interval training: a practical and physiological teaching guide  for educators.
6315. Carotid Disease.
6316. Teaching parathyroid-sparing thyroidectomy: Clinical and educational impact of  near-infrared autofluorescence. Results of a retrospective case-control study.
6317. Cost drivers and cost composition in adult patients undergoing day-case inguinal  hernia repair: a quantile regression analysis.
6318. A dividing-plane interpretation of thermodynamic void volume in reversed-phase  liquid chromatography from PS-DVB and C8/C18 comparisons.
6319. Procedural justice as social justice: Why psychologists must confront due  process failures.
6320. A comparison of labelling requirements for alcohol, tobacco, and cannabis across  WHO regions and implications for alcohol labelling policy in Canada.
6321. Effects of dietary Spirulina powder on production performance, egg quality,  antioxidant status, and blood immune-endocrine indices in laying hens.
6322. Lessons in IR: Horner Syndrome Following Radiofrequency Ablation of a Benign  Thyroid Nodule: A Case Report of Rare Adverse Event.
6323. Migration characteristics of (226)Ra radionuclide in topsoil: a case study for  water spinach soil.
6324. COF-derived photocatalytic artificial enzymes-assisted precision analysis of  active ingredients in natural product extracts.
6325. Spectroscopic and structural insights into magnetized water: Evidence of  hydrogen-bond reorganization.
6326. SHP2-targeted cancer therapeutics: Structural insights, inhibitor development  and emerging modalities.
6327. Functional attributes of Propionibacterium freudenreichii and phenotypic shift  during fermentation in a faba bean-based model medium.
6328. Research progress on the preparation, structural characterization, biological  activity, structure-activity relationship and potential clinical application of  polysaccharides in Pu-erh tea.
6329. Low-power optimal control pulse sequences enhance the sensitivity of 5 mm triple  resonance cryogenic probe optimized for proton-detection at 1.2 GHz NMR  instruments.
6330. Computational identification of AKT1-modulating phytochemicals from Moringa  oleifera targeting the PI3K/AKT/mTOR pathway in autism spectrum disorder.
6331. A Bayesian spatial bivariate multinomial logit model for joint analysis of crash  type and injury severity at signalized intersections.
6332. Structural stability of human serum albumin complexes governs the blood  circulation of gallium-Labeled FAP inhibitors.
6333. Biphenyl sulfonylurea Analogs as novel antiangiogenic agents: A repositioning  and molecular modelling strategy.
6334. The topology of adversities: Mapping the space of adverse childhood experiences,  social positions, and risk behaviors/health outcomes among US adolescents.
6335. The effectiveness of housing-based interventions and harm reduction among adults  experiencing homelessness: a systematic review of recent controlled evidence  (2019-2025).
6336. When solidarity turns bad: Misappropriated and exclusive solidarity as  problematic forms of solidarity in healthcare.
6337. "Care is nowhere but everywhere": Improvising care in medical precarity in urban  Somali refugee community in Kenya.
6338. In vivo monitoring of the impact of microplastic particle size on the absorption  and transport of Pyrethroids in Malabar spinach.
6339. Gelation behavior and formation mechanism of ovalbumin gel induced by  heat-alkali synergy.
6340. Molecular mechanisms of aroma quality improvement of Enshi Yulu green tea  through yellow light treatment.
6341. Uncovering the effect of drying process on aquaporin proteins and fruit quality  of goji berry (Lycium barbarum), a worldwide popular functional food.
6342. Walnut oil oleogel constructed by cellulose nanofiber and walnut protein  isolate: Structure, rheology characterization and complementary stabilization  effect.
6343. Dynamic changes, flavor contributions, and enzymatic transformation mechanisms  of phenolic acids during black tea processing.
6344. Mechanistic insights into how fermentation modulates steamed bread quality: The  role of starch multi-scale structure and its gelatinization behaviour.
6345. Preparation and characterization of Camellia oleifera seed protein and β-glucan  conjugate: Enhancing the stability and delivery capacity of Pickering emulsion.
6346. The evolution of therapy for chronic osteoarthritic knee pain: Feasibility,  safety and clinical outcomes of transpedal access for genicular artery  embolization.
6347. Developing and validating a sequence-aware deep learning model for infection  risk prediction in home care.
6348. Psychometric evaluation of the Spanish-language version of the health  information technology usability evaluation scale (Health-ITUES).
6349. The integration of cognitive behavioural therapy in undergraduate nurse  education: a scoping review.
6350. Clinical utilization and timing of ketamine in pediatric status Epilepticus: a  national cross-sectional survey of physicians in Türkiye.
6351. Mediating effects of depression, stigma, and self-efficacy on self-management  improvement in an evidence-based epilepsy self-management program.
6352. Polyoxometalate-derived redox interphases suppress hydrogen evolution for highly  reversible zinc-ion batteries.
6353. Halloysite nanotube-templated carbon tubes confined copper‑nickel tandem sites:  Interface synergy-boosted electrocatalytic nitrate-to-ammonia reduction.
6354. Multicenter Retrospective Study of Ultrasound-Assisted Closed Reduction and  Percutaneous Pinning Versus Open Reduction for Pediatric Song Type V Lateral  Condylar Humerus Fractures.
6355. Position-Dependent External Load Management in Professional Football: An  Exploratory Observational Study on the Effects of Microcycle Length.
6356. Evaluation of Large Language Models for Decision Support in Anesthesiology: A  Proposal for a Safety-Focused Approach Incorporating Local Recommendations.
6357. Force Orientation on Changes of Direction: A Kinetic Comparison of the  Penultimate, Final, and Acceleration Steps During a Modified 505 Test.
6358. Effect of Concurrent Power and Sprint Training on Physical Fitness in  Well-Trained Youth Soccer Players: A Pilot Study.
6359. The sparse evidence-base for self-injurious behavior in Huntington's disease: A  call to action.
6360. Measuring AI literacy in medical students: scale development and validation  within a self-determination theory framework.
6361. Perirectal spacers and endorectal balloons in external beam radiotherapy for  prostate cancer: a review of prospective studies.
6362. The gut-bone axis: microbial metabolism and nutritional interventions for bone  health.
6363. Genomic epidemiological patterns and antifungal resistance profiles of  Candidozyma auris in China: Spatiotemporal dynamics and persistent colonization.
6364. Associations Between Anthropometrics, Physical Determinants, and Batting Exit  Speed in Elite Female Baseball Athletes.
6365. Motor Variability as a Predictor of Strength Adaptation: The Role of Complexity  in Resistance Training.
6366. Assessing Large Language Models for Clinical Coding in Hand Surgery: Effect of  Note Authorship, Prompt Design, and Diagnosis/Procedure Type.
6367. Genetic-Proteomic Integration Identifies Predictive Plasma Proteins for Multiple  Sclerosis.
6368. Blastic Plasmacytoid Dendritic Cell Neoplasm With Sinonasal and Testicular  Sanctuary Site Relapses: Local Radiotherapy as a Bridge to Second Allogeneic  Transplantation.
6369. Venous congestive ischemic colitis following left hemicolectomy: A rare case of  superior rectal vein occlusion.
6370. High-grade glioma with dural progression: A single-center case series and review  of literature.
6371. Reconsidering pancreatic masses: A case of IgG4-related autoimmune pancreatitis  mimicking malignancy.
6372. Comments on "Prevalence and risk factors associated with rifampicin-induced  cholestasis jaundice among tuberculosis patients in high-incidence setting: a  retrospective cohort study".
6373. The ORIN-open reduction and intramedullary nailing-technique for 4-part proximal  humerus fractures.
6374. Closed reduction of acute posterior shoulder dislocation via intra-articular  anesthesia: a case report and technical note.
6375. Transposon insertion sequencing identifies novel genes involved in product  synthesis in gas-fermenting Clostridium ljungdahlii.
6376. Mechanisms of traditional Chinese medicine in enhancing the efficacy and  reducing the toxicity of immune checkpoint inhibitors via regulation of the  tumor microenvironment and gut microbiota.
6377. Variation in gestational outcomes among PCOS phenotypes in natural and  art-conceived pregnancies.
6378. Spatio-Temporal Attention with Spiking Neural Networks for Seizure Detection  from Electroencephalogram Signals.
6379. Adverse pregnancy outcomes in women with type 1 diabetes: A nationwide,  population-based study, 1999-2021.
6380. Cardiovascular Outcomes With SGLT-2 Inhibitors in Patients With Type 2 Diabetes  and Obstructive Sleep Apnoea: A Real-World Analysis.
6381. Engineering peptide-functionalized fermented milk with enhanced DNA-protective,  antioxidant and anti-inflammatory properties via ultrasound-assisted  enzymolysis.
6382. Development and functional assessment of a broad-spectrum cryoprotectant for  preserving next-generation probiotics.
6383. Oxidative stability of brewer's spent grain lipid extracts during storage.
6384. Hydroxypropylation product of amaranth starch showing high freeze-thaw  stability.
6385. Culture and establishment of 3D hepatic organoids with excessive lipid  deposition for comparing the hypolipidemic effects and exploring their  mechanisms of three anthocyanins.
6386. Corrigendum to "Prophylactic efficacy of baicalin and carvacrol against  Salmonella Typhimurium biofilm on food and food contact surfaces" [Food Res.  Int. 187 (2024) 114458].
6387. Chitosan composite packaging film loaded with luteolin-superoxide dismutase  nano-micelles: Enhancing food preservation performance.
6388. Research progress on the mechanism of physiological and biochemical changes in  fresh-cut broccoli and its preservation techniques.
6389. A combined lipidomics and flavoromics approach reveals that enzymatic  interesterification improves the flavor stability of stored grass carp  (Ctenopharyngodon idella) oil.
6390. Multispectral analysis and molecular simulation of interaction mechanism between  charged polysaccharides and myofibrillar protein in grass carp: Conformational  dynamics and functional synergies.
6391. Novel ex-situ functionalized bacterial cellulose-based packaging films with full  hydrogen-bonded network for sustainable and bio-safety food preservation.
6392. Aptamer-cDNA-driven nanozyme strategy: A recyclable dual-signal immunosensor for  amplified detection of aflatoxin B(1) in edible oil.
6393. Valorization of brewed tea waste into functional cello-oligosaccharides via  alkaline pretreatment and enzymatic-high-pressure processing.
6394. Influence of varying dilution levels of apple concentrate on 915 MHz  microwave-induced inactivation of Alicyclobacillus acidoterrestris spores.
6395. Different factors govern surface adhesion and resilience to gastrointestinal  conditions in Cronobacter sakazakii.
6396. The regenerative peptide FPP: A multi-target discovery from the Ascidian  Halocynthia roretzi peptidome.
6397. Development of active food packaging using carboxymethyl cellulose/gelatin  composites reinforced with carbon quantum dots derived from pumpkin peel waste.
6398. Understanding healthy eating intentions and behaviour through an extended theory  of planned behaviour: the role of sustainability beliefs.
6399. From dispersion to bundles: Structurally tunable soy protein amyloid fibrils  networks reshape starch multiscale structure and program its digestion via a  physical barrier mechanism.
6400. Structural characterization, functional properties and formation mechanism of  alkali-thermal induced egg white gel: from macroscopic gel properties to  molecular conformation and interactions.
6401. Furfural compounds in tea matrix: Quantitative characterization, flavour impacts  and potential health risks.
6402. Investigating the molecular mechanism of plasmalogen and quality changes in  Pacific oyster (Crassostrea gigas) depurated under salinity stress.
6403. Lactoferrin-chitosan composite hydrogel: a dysphagia-oriented carrier for  sustained ergothioneine delivery.
6404. A retrospective sub-study of perioperative glycaemia and insulin treatment for  hospital inpatients at a quaternary centre from the specialist treatment of  inpatients: Caring for diabetes in surgery trial (STOIC-D Surgery).
6405. Large-Scale Plasma Proteomics Identifies Early Molecular Deviations and Improves  Risk Prediction for Heart Failure Among Individuals With Obesity.
6406. Authors reply: "Global kidney health: Are we failing the silent pandemic?".
6407. Pelvic insufficiency fractures in cervical cancer patients treated with  definitive chemoradiation: impact of dosimetric and clinical factors.
6408. The beating heart as a tumour-suppressive niche.
6409. Gene-disease relationships for glomerular phenotypes: expert recommendations  from ClinGen.
6410. Editorial: Two Common Risks, One Greater Harm-Diabetes and Alcohol in Steatotic  Liver Disease.
6411. Machine learning-based approach for predicting the extraction time of a  mandibular third molar.
6412. Baseline Hematological Parameters and Outcomes in Patients With Prostate Cancer  Treated With Lu-177 PSMA Radioligand Therapy (RLT): A Multicenter Real-World  Analysis.
6413. Pharmacists' contribution to improving vaccination uptake among children: A  systematic review.
6414. Photon Counting CT of the Head: Retrospective Analysis of Image Quality and Dose  in Comparison to Energy Integrating Detector CT.
6415. Corrigendum to "Acute care outcomes in patients admitted for atrial fibrillation  who had prior metabolic surgery: A propensity score matched analysis" [Am J  Surg, 258, (August 2026), 117011].
6416. Reader comment regarding "Impact of hemodialysis timing on survival in paraquat  poisoning: Experience from a tertiary care hospital in West Bengal, India".
6417. Rethinking Patient Participation and Cognitive Function in the AAA Surveillance  Core Outcome Set.
6418. Polyethylene terephthalate microplastics activate AKT1 signaling and induce  neurotoxic responses in SH-SY5Y cells.
6419. Sex differences among adult and adolescent rats in METH-induced CTA with  extended CS-US trace intervals.
6420. Light, serotonin, neurosteroids, and activation states in bipolar-spectrum mood  disorders: a circadian-informed framework.
6421. Lower resting state functional connectivity between the hippocampus and default  network is associated with suicidal ideation.
6422. Mapping heterogeneous predictors of problematic smartphone use in Chinese  adolescents: A machine learning approach with a nationally representative  sample.
6423. Differential cerebral white matter tract alterations in generalized anxiety  disorder revealed by ultra-high-field 7 T diffusion-weighted imaging.
6424. Functional connectivity alterations in post-traumatic stress disorder: A  resting-state fMRI study of brain network dysfunction.
6425. Cost-effectiveness of integrated prevention for late-life depressive symptoms:  Real-world findings from a large-scale pragmatic trial ("JoyAge").
6426. The long-term psychological and sleep-related consequences of the Halabja  chemical attack: A cross-sectional and cross-generational study over three  generations.
6427. A hybrid CNN-GCN framework for interpretable Alzheimer's disease diagnosis from  MRI scans.
6428. The resveratrol trimer caraphenol A from Caragana sinica alleviates  hyperuricemia and hyperuricemia-induced renal injury in mice by modulating uric  acid metabolism and inflammatory pathways.
6429. Examining the association between the dark triad personality traits and  cardiovascular reactivity to acute psychological stress.
6430. Cell and tissue mechanics in 3-D organ morphogenesis: Insights from Drosophila  pupal retina development.
6431. Emerging nanoparticle approaches for early detection and therapeutic targeting  of pancreatic cancer.
6432. Hippocampal subfield volumes and associated cognitive decline with ageing.
6433. Heterogeneous domain adaptation survival analysis with partially observed  outcomes via dictionary learning and distribution alignment.
6434. Group-format pain reprocessing therapy in veterans with chronic back/neck pain:  A pilot study with mixed methods evaluation.
6435. Novel HEXB variant and first evidence of urinary Gb4 isoforms in Sandhoff  disease: Biochemical and bioinformatic characterization in two Moroccan  families.
6436. Optimizing post-printing drying conditions for point-of-care manufacturing of  SSE-3D printed medicines.
6437. Macrophages alter T helper cell balance and attenuate mast cell degranulation in  tropomyosin-induced food allergy.
6438. First successful treatment of phaeohyphomycosis due to Medicopsis romeroi with  isavuconazole in a renal transplant recipient in France.
6439. Anti-IFN-γ autoantibodies and disseminated opportunistic infections in  immunocompetent Indian adults.
6440. Severe psittacosis complicated by rhabdomyolysis, acute kidney injury, and upper  gastrointestinal hemorrhage: A case report.
6441. Three Mycobacterium avium genotypes classified by 1.4-Mb genomic inversion and  single-nucleotide variations are tightly linked to disease progression.
6442. Combustion aerosols from mineral oil industrial fires: Physicochemical  characterization and toxicity in bronchial epithelial cells at the air-liquid  interface.
6443. From exposure to effect: Exploring adverse outcome pathways in fish responses to  a large mining disaster.
6444. Urinary phthalates and phthalate alternatives, and their associations with  oxidative stress biomarkers in Chinese adults: A multi-city population study.
6445. Screening plastic chemicals in birds: insights into environmental exposure of  cinereous vultures.
6446. E-field guided repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation modulates  oscillatory brain activity dynamics in tinnitus.
6447. Porous phosphate glass microspheres loaded with dental pulp stem cell-derived  exosomes for potential osteogenic applications.
6448. High prevalence of undiagnosed hyperglycemia and cardiovascular risk in dental  clinics: evidence from a large retrospective study in China.
6449. Comprehensive evaluation of reference miRNA for extracellular miRNA  quantification in CKD.
6450. Importance of oxysterols in nutrition, cancer and other degenerative diseases.
6451. Invited commentary on "Reconsidering anastomotic strategy in minimally invasive  esophagectomy: When technical geometry shapes functional recovery".
6452. Ockham's razor and the search for true atrial fibrillation drivers.
6453. Effect of dapagliflozin-spironolactone combination therapy versus monotherapy on  albuminuria reduction and hyperkalemia risk in elderly patients with early type  2 diabetic nephropathy receiving high-dose RASi: A randomized controlled trial.
6454. Analysis of the involvement of RNA-binding proteins in TAU-dependent  neurodegeneration.
6455. Bibliometric analysis of SGLT2 inhibitor treatment for diabetic kidney disease.
6456. Temporal variations of the gut microbiome in human health.
6457. Regulation of amylose content in dialdehyde starches for crosslinking with  gelatin Schiff base hydrogels: tunable network architecture for  strength-toughness balanced hydrogels.
6458. Tunable shell thickness in analyte-responsive core-shell plasmonic arrays at  liquid-liquid interface for dual-mode optical sensing.
6459. Differential volatile-omics analysis for tamarind (Tamarindus indica L.) and  aroma-active compounds identification via DMU-SPME-GC-MS method.
6460. Enzyme-specific release dynamics of umami and bitter peptides from shrimp  processing by-products: a machine learning-aided study.
6461. Diverse novel RNA polymerase III promoters and dual-activity promoters  identified through motif and transcriptomic analyses across multiple plant  species.
6462. Casino schedules reduce inflammatory biomarkers and improve sleep in emergency  medicine physicians during shift work.
6463. Harnessing leadership experiences for improved healthcare delivery: A scoping  review of the experiences of healthcare leaders in navigating crisis.
6464. Multimodal mental imagery profiles and the prevalence of aphantasia and  hyperphantasia in the general population.
6465. A cross-sectional study of a simulation-based intravenous workflow and sterile  compounding verification activity at two schools of pharmacy.
6466. New learnings from the molecular pathology of the synovial tissue in rheumatoid  arthritis: from pathogenesis to therapeutic targeting toward precision medicine.
6467. Real-world patient characteristics, treatment patterns, and healthcare resource  utilization and costs of tardive dyskinesia in Germany.
6468. A comprehensive evaluation of solid-phase extraction strategies for targeted and  untargeted liquid chromatography - mass spectrometry metabolomic analysis.
6469. Cross-serotype identification of Vibrio parahaemolyticus in seafood samples by  OmpA-targeting monoclonal antibodies.
6470. Community Participation and the Making of Brazil's National Oral Health Policy.
6471. Simultaneous LC-MS/MS determination of the emerging ketamine analogue  2F-2-oxo-PCPr and related compounds in human hair and application to forensic  casework.
6472. D-band broadening drives pollutant oxidative polymerization for  intermediate-free water purification.
6473. Sulfate-regulated crystallization mechanism of LaF(3) for efficient  defluorination in high-sulfate fluoride wastewater.
6474. KI and WU polyomaviruses in urine, vaginal and nasopharyngeal swabs of  Portuguese individuals.
6475. Resolving the clinical dilemma of low positive HIV screening: 2-mercaptoethanol  as the optimal pretreatment over polyethylene glycol precipitation to safeguard  early diagnosis.
6476. Gradient intrafibrillar mineralized collagen scaffold promotes osteochondral  regeneration by enhancing differentiation of SCRG1(+) progenitor cells.
6477. Unveiling the spectroscopy of 2-(nitromethylene)imidazolidine: From experimental  findings to theoretical insights.
6478. Precise construction of nitrogen-containing nanohoop isomers: metal-induced  modulation of nonlinear optical properties.
6479. Genus Atractylodes polysaccharides: A comprehensive review of the structural  characteristics, structure-activity relationships, and application prospects.
6480. Genome-resolved metagenomics of the tumour microbiome: From strain diversity to  functional cancer ecology.
6481. Mesothelioma in situ-spectrum pleural lesions: Diagnostic challenges and  longitudinal follow-up in a case series.
6482. Health-related quality of life and associated factors in children with  self-limited epilepsy with Centrotemporal Spikes.
6483. Nutritional assessment in relation to breastfeeding and current protein intake  in schoolchildren from indigenous communities of Ecuador.
6484. Deformable inverse opal polyurethane photonic crystal film with high mechanical  and liquid stability.
6485. Micro-nanoarchitectonics of heterogeneous windmill-shaped microrobots with  magneto-photothermal synergy for accelerated cargo delivery.
6486. Beyond mentorship: Coaching as a catalyst for junior surgical faculty success.
6487. Immediate PEEK patient-specific cranioplasty in sphenoid wing meningioma  resection: 10-year clinical outcomes of a contemporary approach to complex  orbital reconstruction.
6488. Advances in the application of finite element analysis in the diagnosis and  treatment of cleft lip and palate and alveolar cleft.
6489. Digital mandibular reconstruction design guided by condylar position.
6490. Sarsasapogenin attenuates renal ischemia-reperfusion injury by inhibiting the  NF-κB pathway and NLRP3 inflammasome-mediated pyroptosis.
6491. Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) as an additional treatment to  cognitive behavior group therapy in adults with tobacco dependence - a  double-blind, randomized, sham-controlled pilot trial.
6492. Effect of hepatitis C virus treatment engagement on the skin and soft tissue  infections healthcare burden among people who inject drugs in Quebec, Canada: a  population-based interrupted time series study.
6493. Decitabine inhibits the malignant transformation of oral potentially malignant  disorders by upregulating SOX1 expression via demethylation to modulate the wnt  pathway in a male rat model.
6494. Generation of iPSC line from peripheral blood mononuclear cells of a patient  with Duchenne muscular dystrophy.
6495. Generation of two iPSC lines carrying two cystic fibrosis rare intronic  mutations c.1585-1G>A and c.1680-886A>G in the CFTR gene of the parental line  PCIi033-A using CRISPR/Cas tools.
6496. Test-Retest reliability of performance, knee functionality and movement quality  biomechanics in agility T-test using markerless motion capture.
6497. Ten frequently asked questions (FAQs) on surface electromyography.
6498. Host interactions with hypervirulent Klebsiella pneumoniae along the gut-liver  axis.
6499. Dynamic model-based control for process variations in ion-exchange  chromatography.
6500. Di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP) induces genotoxicity in peripheral blood  erythrocytes from freshwater turtle Trachemys venusta.
6501. Economic burden associated with switching from frontline pegaspargase or  calaspargase pegol to second-line recombinant Erwinia in pediatrics and  adolescents/young adults with acute lymphoblastic leukemia.
6502. Preclinical safety evaluation of the dipeptidyl peptidase 3 inhibiting antibody  Procizumab in rodents and non-human primates.
6503. ASO Visual Abstract: Locoregional Control from Complete Peritoneal Cytoreduction  in Patients with Extraperitoneal Colorectal Cancer Metastases: An Entropy  Balanced Analysis.
6504. Statement of Retraction: Easy efficient HDR-based targeted knock-in in  Saccharomyces cerevisiae genome using CRISPR-Cas9 system.
6505. The holistic burden of Huntington's disease: A qualitative study of  multigenerational impact on individuals and family caregivers across Europe.
6506. Statement of Retraction: Geniposide promotes splenic Treg differentiation to  alleviate colonic inflammation and intestinal barrier injury in ulcerative  colitis mice.
6507. An unexpected finding of apparent bilateral aldosterone suppression after  superselective adrenal venous sampling: a case report.
6508. Interprofessional collaboration in primary care in Germany - collective  irresponsibility, one-way-street or colourful bouquet of services? A qualitative  study with stakeholders from various professions.
6509. Statement of Retraction: Neisseria sicca and Corynebacterium matruchotii  inhibited oral squamous cell carcinomas by regulating genome stability.
6510. Statement of Retraction: In vivo and in vitro studies of Alloimperatorin induced  autophagy in cervical cancer cells via reactive oxygen species pathway.
6511. Expression of Concern: Platinum-based adjuvant therapy was efficient for  triple-negative breast cancer: a meta-analysis from randomized controlled  trials.
6512. Statement of Retraction: Circular RNA_0078767 upregulates Kruppel-like factor 9  expression by targeting microRNA-889, thereby inhibiting the progression of  osteosarcoma.
6513. Statement of Retraction: Exosomes derived from fibrinogen-like protein  1-overexpressing bone marrow-derived mesenchymal stem cells ameliorates  rheumatoid arthritis.
6514. Statement of Retraction: Alpha-2 Heremans Schmid Glycoprotein (AHSG) promotes  the proliferation of bladder cancer cells by regulating the TGF-β signalling  pathway.
6515. Predictors of Delayed Facial Nerve Palsy Following Acoustic Neuroma Surgery.
6516. Statement of Retraction: (6)-methyladenosine-mediated miR-380-3p maturation and  upregulation promotes cancer aggressiveness in pancreatic cancer.
6517. Statement of Retraction: β‑aminoisobutyric acid ameliorates hypertensive  vascular remodeling via activating the AMPK/SIRT1 pathway in VSMCs.
6518. Statement of Retraction: Nesfatin-1 protects against diabetic cardiomyopathy in  the streptozotocin-induced diabetic mouse model via the p38-MAPK pathway.
6519. Statement of Retraction: Toll-like receptor 3 gene regulates cataract-related  mechanisms via the Jagged-1/Notch signaling pathway.
6520. Statement of Retraction: Preparation of a nanopearl powder/C-HA  (chitosan-hyaluronic acid)/rhBMP-2 (recombinant human bone morphogenetic  protein-2) composite artificial bone material and a preliminary study of its  effects on MC3T3-E1 cells.
6521. A landscape analysis of enablers and barriers to digital payments to health  workers during large-scale immunisation campaigns in sub-Saharan Africa: a  scoping review and in-depth interviews.
6522. Firing behaviors of a neuron with two memristor channels.
6523. The AHEPA EEG benchmark: setting the standard for machine learning in dementia  diagnosis, a scoping review.
6524. Corrigendum for Figure and author affiliation corrections in previously  published articles of Bioactive Materials.
6525. Biomechanics of custom glenoid components in reverse total shoulder  arthroplasty-a narrative review of concepts for surgeons.
6526. Intraoperative assessment of glenohumeral impingement during total shoulder  arthroplasty.
6527. An observation of the relation between the cyst on magnetic resonance imaging at  bare-area of humeral head and the adhesive capsulitis of the shoulder.
6528. Swedish trends in excision arthroplasty of the acromioclavicular joint during  2008-2023: a population-based register study.
6529. Digital Pacifiers: Developmental Trajectories of Media Emotion Regulation in  Early Childhood.
6530. In vitro screening of compounds for targeting gastric cancer with Y220C p53  mutation: a molecule combining zinc chelation and a Michael acceptor drives  CDKN1 and BBC3 expression to restore a p53-dependent cytotoxicity.
6531. Development of a pain intensity estimation model in breast cancer survivors  using quantile regression: A nationwide claims-based cohort study.
6532. Infectious complications with quadruple immunosuppression in the management of  persistent rejection in kidney transplants.
6533. "Bioprinting of Hair: How Far We Proceeded and What Needs to be Done".
6534. Relationship between major depressive disorder and venous thromboembolism: a  five-ancestry genetic analysis.
6535. Integrated multi-omics analysis reveals mechanism of metabolic reprogramming  enabling bacterial selenite detoxification and selenium nanoparticles biogenesis  by Serratia marcescens HBQT.
6536. An energy-carbon dual-control biohybrid: integrating photosynthetic  microorganisms with patterned perovskite solar cells for concurrent electricity  and biopolymer production.
6537. "Knock it Out" of the park: CMTR1-linked gastrulation failure reveals early  sexual dimorphism in embryonic mice.
6538. Macrophage-derived SPP1 promotes subretinal fibrosis by YAP1 phase separation in  retinal pigment epithelium.
6539. KCMF1 promotes MASLD progression via K48-linked ubiquitination and degradation  of AMPKα.
6540. M1 macrophage polarization induces inflammatory response of adipocytes via  MAPK/AKT-PPARγ pathway in large yellow croaker (Larimichthys crocea).
6541. Cyprinid herpesvirus 2 (CyHV-2) ORF53 inhibits NF-κB signalling by targeting p65  degradation.
6542. Birth Trauma and Thoracic Outlet Syndrome: Preliminary Evidence.
6543. Polyvinyl alcohol-based hard capsules with enhanced mechanical strength and gas  barrier properties by montmorillonite incorporation.
6544. Oil-in-water nanoemulsification of peppermint oil enhances its antibacterial and  antibiofilm activity.
6545. Local versus external dust source contributions to northern China and selected  downwind cities: Evidence from representative dust events in 2025.
6546. Reproductive toxicity and transgenerational effects of microplastics: Evidence  from experimental models and underlying epigenetic mechanisms.
6547. Derivation of an occupational exposure limit (OEL) for a potent bispecific  protein-Blinatumomab (BLINCYTO®).
6548. Naringenin modulate peroxisome proliferator-activated receptorα (PPARα) to  ameliorate hepatic ferroptosis by restoring GPX4 during liver regeneration.
6549. Morphological and molecular characterization of Mexican Hericium erinaceus  strains.
6550. Multicenter validation and randomized crossover reader evaluation of deep  learning-assisted tri-sequence three-dimensional MRI segmentation for  hypopharyngeal tumor.
6551. Artificial intelligence classification of spatial CD8 + T-cell distribution on  computed tomography in oropharyngeal cancer.
6552. Comprehensive MRI analysis of olfactory bulb morphology and olfactory sulcus  depth in chronic rhinosinusitis, migraine, and post-COVID patients.
6553. Formidable anti-biofilm and anti-adhesion effects of human lactoferrin against  Pseudomonas aeruginosa.
6554. The role of the physical environment in school readiness in England: Evidence  from the Millennium Cohort Study.
6555. Characterization of gill and brain acetylcholinesterase of Cathorops spixii  catfish (Agassiz, 1829): Potential biomarker of pesticides and metallic ions.
6556. Hydroxylamine-accelerated cobalt redox cycling enables peroxymonosulfate  activation for sustainable water remediation.
6557. Nonlinear mixed-effects modeling of the intravenous and oral kinetics of eleven  perfluoroalkyl substances in female mice.
6558. METTL3 depletion mitigates hypoxic pulmonary arterial smooth muscle cell  over-proliferation via YTHDF2-dependent regulation of FOXO1 mRNA  N6-methyladenosine modification: a potential mechanism of hypoxic pulmonary  hypertension.
6559. From categorization to quantification: Stage-dependent neural and behavioral  mechanisms of facial emotion recognition.
6560. Polystyrene microplastics drive chondrotoxicity in osteoarthritis through  inducing ER stress and apoptosis via NFKB1 activation.
6561. Development and prospective validation of a read-across approach to assess the  in vivo toxicokinetic profiles of chemicals in humans.
6562. Ganocochlearcins A-P: Acyclic meroterpenoids from Ganoderma mushrooms targeting  extracellular matrix remodeling in cancer-associated fibroblasts.
6563. Thoracic duct identification using indocyanine green fluorescence in robotic  esophagectomy.
6564. Prognostic indicators for postoperative complications and prognosis of remnant  gastric cancer.
6565. Effects of a pulse-based, guidelines-aligned diet on biomarkers relevant to  aging: Results from the PRODMED1 randomized controlled crossover feeding trial.
6566. Short-term citrulline malate supplementation enhances lower-limb function in  physically active older women: A pilot randomized controlled trial.
6567. JAM-A as a potential surface marker of human pluripotent stem cells.
6568. Genetic variation in cerebellar nicotinic acetylcholine receptor (nAChR)  function impacts efficacy of nicotine and varenicline treatment of alcohol  withdrawal-induced motor impairment.
6569. Non-Cyclic Rozanolixizumab Administration in Complex Generalized Myasthenia  Gravis.
6570. Improving ALS Clinic Care Through Experience-Based Co-Design: A Participatory  Action Research Study.
6571. Roxadustat attenuates contrast-induced acute kidney injury potentially mediated  via the Nrf2/HO-1 signaling pathway.
6572. Peritoneal dialysis in lupus nephritis: comparative outcomes vs. hemodialysis,  risk stratification, and modality selection framework.
6573. Epilepsy and the weight of words.
6574. Building and Implementing a Multidisciplinary Cough Clinic.
6575. Corrigendum to "Yitangkang decoction in the treatment of glomerular filtration  barrier damage through AMPKα1/ZDHHC8/SLC7A11/GPX4 and TGF-β/Smad signaling  pathways: A multi-omics analysis" [J. Ethnopharmacol. 363 (2026) 121410].
6576. Corrigendum to "Wireless & portable smartphone assisted electrochemical platform  for on-site monitoring of chloramphenicol drug" [Biosens. Bioelectronics, 287  (2025), 117694].
6577. Low-intensity Pulsed Ultrasound Ameliorates Obesity-induced Hepatic Lipid  Metabolic Disorders.
6578. Deep Learning Algorithm Based on Contrast-Enhanced Ultrasound Potentially  Optimizes Treatment Strategies for Solitary Primary Hepatocellular Carcinoma.
6579. Can universal cervical length screening with vaginal progesterone for a short  cervix reduce preterm birth? A systematic review and meta-analyses.
6580. Artificial intelligence in the care of systemic lupus erythematosus: Current  capabilities and translational barriers.
6581. Sequence-validated trigger gating for false-positive control in point-of-care  isothermal nucleic acid detection.
6582. In(2)O(3) nanoparticles and nanoaggregates for formaldehyde recognition and  mechanism insight: Enabled by engineering multi-crystal facets.
6583. Lateral flow assays for rapid detection of drugs of abuse: A review focusing on  nanomaterial labels and intelligent analysis.
6584. Leveraging intrinsic lignin component for toughening and hydro-stabilizing  cellulose nanopaper.
6585. Multinetwork tough hydrogels as smart wound dressings for closed-loop monitoring  and treatment of diabetic wounds and flexible wearable sensing.
6586. Mitigating buried-interface methylammonium chloride deficiency via  pre-deposition to enhance film homogeneity for efficient and stable perovskite  solar cells.
6587. SYNGAP1-related disorder: pathophysiology, epilepsy, cognitive and behavioral  phenotypes, and precision therapeutic approaches.
6588. Automatic measurement of social gaze during naturalistic conversations in  autism.
6589. HDAC3 inhibition promotes bovine oocyte maturation via the SP1-AREG pathway.
6590. Cascade-amplified 2D ultrathin hexagonal Cu-doped LDO nanozyme for multiplexed  wearable monitoring of sweat metabolites.
6591. Recent advances in biosensing platforms utilizing exosomal biomarker profiling  for cancer diagnosis.
6592. Identification of RET PROTAC with excellent degradation efficiency against  medullary thyroid carcinoma.
6593. Microbial-driven molecular transformation of dissolved organic matter in  water-jet loom wastewater reclamation: An integrated FT-ICR MS and metagenomic  investigation.
6594. Comment on "Mechanisms and factors controlling greenhouse gases production in  agricultural drains and ponds by Justice Obinna Osuoha et al. [Water Research  289 (2026) 124919]".
6595. Glycine-mediated microbial interactions in biological phosphorus removal  systems.
6596. Interpretable causal machine learning elucidates performance regulation via  atomic Fe‑S synergistic pathways in Sulfidated zero‑valent Iron.
6597. An optimized physical-chemical method for analyzing cell perturbations using  FTIR-ATR spectrophotometry.
6598. Role of ROCK-associated inflammation and redox imbalance in Parkinson's disease  dyskinesia: evidence from animal and patient studies.
6599. Lactobacillus rhamnosus modulates gut microbiota and tyrosine metabolism to  potentiate PD-1-mediated anti-tumor immunity in triple-negative breast cancer.
6600. Estimating the solubility of organic compounds in water using electrokinetic  chromatography.
6601. The mediating role of critical thinking between AI literacy and learning burnout  in nursing students using generative AI: A cross-sectional descriptive study.
6602. Short-term development of neurocognition in early-stage schizophrenia with  predominant negative symptoms.
6603. Personalized DBS for treatment-resistant depression: a paradigm shift.
6604. Multifunctional hydrogels loaded with tannic acid-modified MXene for synergistic  photothermal/pharmacological treatment of infected wounds caused by  drug-resistant bacteria.
6605. Let's be spontaneous: Older, but not younger, preschoolers independently prepare  for a future problem.
6606. Does additional education affect memory consistently? An analysis of compulsory  schooling reforms across Europe and U.S.
6607. Racial and gender disparities in patient-centered communication among older  adults in the United States.
6608. Plastein reaction improves the ADH-stabilizing activity and digestive stability  of chicken hydrolysate: The critical role of hydrophobic peptides.
6609. One-step prepared janus cryogel enables the separation of blood cells and plasma  for whole-process hemostasis and accelerated infected wound healing.
6610. Mastery of a Newly Learned Task in Young Children: Age-Related Patterns and  Metacognitive Contributions.
6611. Characteristics and outcomes of patients with HER2-negative metastatic breast  cancers with low expression of estrogen and progesterone receptors in the  multicenter ESME cohort.
6612. Translocator Protein Deficiency Promotes Splenomegaly with Extramedullary  Hematopoiesis after Sepsis.
6613. A multimodal prognostic model for post-thrombectomy outcomes: Integrating  vascular ultrasound parameters and clinical risk factors.
6614. Structure-activity relationship and nsp15-dependent mechanism of  spirothiazolidinone derivatives with pan-coronavirus activity.
6615. Determinants of social participation among community-dwelling older adults: A  mixed-methods systematic review.
6616. Beyond staffing ratios - team demographic diversity, workforce stability, and  their effects on patient safety and workforce sustainability: A multi-country  analysis.
6617. Ethanolic propolis extract attenuates thioacetamide-induced lung injury in rats  through antioxidant, anti-apoptotic, anti-fibrotic effects and inhibition of  NLRP3-mediated inflammation.
6618. Tributyltin exposure induces histopathological and ultrastructural adrenal  damage and increases the HMGB1/Beclin-1/NF-κB signals in rats: The role of  recovery.
6619. Generation of acellular reproductive scaffolds from sow oviduct and uterus.
6620. Biomonitoring of Occupational Exposure to Mercury Among Dental Health Workers in  LMICs: A Systematic Review.
6621. Treatment for progressive hemifacial atrophy: paradigm shift from 2D photograph  to 3D stereophotogrammetry.
6622. Primary versus secondary microvascular bony jaw reconstruction in patients with  oral squamous cell carcinoma and adjuvant therapy - a retrospective cohort  study.
6623. Fine-tuning and evaluating large language models for patient safety tasks:  classification of contributing factors in incident reports.
6624. Dispersion of Intradiscally Injected Particles is Limited by Size.
6625. Nationwide questionnaire survey on collaboration for the management of chronic  kidney disease from the perspective of referrals in Japan.
6626. The Person Behind the Crime: Life Stories of Women and Men Who Committed Sexual  Crimes.
6627. Active surveillance for intermediate risk prostate cancer: the Manitoba Prostate  Center experience.
6628. Effect of Pentoxifylline on Inflammatory Markers in COVID-19: A Meta-Analysis of  Randomized Controlled Trials.
6629. Novel Robotic Control Methods That Account for System Compliance Decrease the  Errors in Ligament Tensions Computed Using the Superposition Method.
6630. Abnormal expression of galectins and their correlation with fibrogenesis in  adenomyosis.
6631. Comparing Thulium Fiber Laser vs Holmium:Yttrium-Aluminum-Garnet Laser for  Ureteric Stone Lithotripsy: A Prospective, Randomized Controlled Trial.
6632. Editorial Comment on "Are Two Channels Better than One? A Comparative Study  Between Dual-Lumen and Single-Lumen Flexible Ureteroscope in Retrograde  Intrarenal Surgery".
6633. Deep Learning Analysis of Indocyanine Green Fluoroscopy of Ureters in Robotic  Cystectomy: Toward Reducing Ureteroenteric Strictures.
6634. Plain language summary: the evoke(+) studies of semaglutide for early  Alzheimer's disease.
6635. Ten Years of Tubes: Characterizing Delays in Definitive Management of Benign  Ureteral Obstruction.
6636. Association of the angiotensin II type 1 receptor A1166C polymorphism with  essential hypertension in the Chinese population: a meta-analysis with ethnic  and geographic subgroup analyses.
6637. Real-World Outcomes of Induction Immunochemotherapy Followed by Surgery for  Advanced Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer.
6638. Endovascular treatment of a post-traumatic celiac trunk-portal vein fistula.
6639. Development and validation of PEYRO-Q: a novel multidimensional patient-reported  outcome measure for Peyronie's disease.
6640. Boiling-induced susceptibility artifact correction for clinical 3D PRFS  thermometry in hepatic microwave ablation.
6641. IMACulate(DE3), an E. coli Strain for High Purity His-Tagged Protein  Purifications.
6642. A política de crueldade do governo Trump e seu impacto na saúde global.
6643. Real-World Evaluation of Talquetamab for the Treatment of Relapsed/Refractory  Multiple Myeloma (RRMM): An International Myeloma Working Group Immunotherapy  Registry Real-World Analysis.
6644. Casticin promotes M2 macrophage polarisation and dorsal root ganglion neuronal  autophagy to alleviate cold hyperalgesia in knee osteoarthritis by regulating  histone-lysine N-methyltransferase (SETDB2).
6645. Autophagy functions in lung macrophages and dendritic cells to regulate  allergen-dependent inflammatory responses.
6646. Enzyme/pH dual-stimuli responsive prochloraz nanopesticide controlled release  system for kiwifruit soft rot disease control.
6647. Enzyme-responsive 612-AYR nanoparticles for targeted inhibition of  B4GALT3-mediated ITGB1 glycosylation in hepatocellular carcinoma.
6648. Ontogeny and Natural History of Therapy-Related Clonal Hematopoiesis From a  Multidisciplinary CHIP Clinic.
6649. Sentinel Lymph Node Mapping with Indocyanine Green in Endometrial Cancer: Does  the Minimally Invasive Platform Matter?
6650. Gβγ subunit activation of K(V)7 and BK(Ca) channels underlies calcitonin  gene-related peptide vasorelaxation in myogenic rat coronary resistance  arteries.
6651. Leaving the Axilla Untouched: Toward Surgical De-escalation in Early Luminal A  Breast Cancer.
6652. ALKBH5-Mediated m(6)A Demethylation Stabilizes HMGB1 to Drive Hepatocyte  Pyroptosis and Liver Injury in Heat Stroke: Targeting via Biomimetic  Nanodelivery.
6653. Corrigendum to "Sodium selenite attenuates hyperglycemia-exacerbated cerebral  ischemia/reperfusion injury by inhibiting the Fas/FasL/PUMA apoptotic pathway"  [Pathol. - Res. Pract. 283 (2026) 156494].
6654. Erratum to "Extracellular polymeric substances in aerobic granular sludge under  increasing salinity conditions" [Water Research (2026) 292/125313].
6655. Evaluation of volume changes in masticatory muscles of nasopharyngeal cancer  patients treated with radiotherapy using magnetic resonance imaging.
6656. Comment on "Effectiveness of Multicomponent Exercise Interventions on Cognitive  Function in People With Cognitive Impairment: A Systematic Review and Network  Meta-Analysis".
6657. Carbon availability dictates the stability of nitrate-vanadium co-remediation in  stratified biofilters.
6658. Ultrasonic welding process and parameter optimization for wrapped nodes of  CF/PEEK trusses in space environment.
6659. Characterization and first application of a new (236)Np spike for (A)MS  measurements of (237)Np.
6660. Primary synovial sarcoma of the buccal fat pad in a young female: A rare head  and neck presentation.
6661. Empowered Smiles Through Education and Motivation (e-SEM): A Theory-Driven  Digital Oral Health Behaviour Intervention.
6662. Convenient and sensitive detection of viable Escherichia coli employing a  sequential reaction between antibody-enzyme complexes.
6663. Enzyme-mediated "one to more" PAM-independent and amplification free  CRISPR/Cas12a for one-pot rapid detection of food contaminated bacteria.
6664. The effect of dynamic mobilization exercises and therapeutic trunk exercises on  superficial epaxial and hypaxial muscle activity in horses.
6665. Treponema pallidum induces intrinsic apoptosis in hepatocytes by facilitating  mitochondrial ROS accumulation to promote cardiolipin peroxidation.
6666. Exploring the biomedicinal properties of Padina boergesenii ethanolic extract  against human pathogens: An in vitro approach.
6667. Dimensional and categorical approaches to behavioral-emotional problems in  children and adolescents with mental disorders: A cross-sectional study.
6668. Reply to letter to the editor: Metabolomic signatures of type 2 diabetes and  mortality: Methodological considerations and unresolved questions.
6669. The scaling of swimming speed.
6670. Thiosulfate drives vanadium natural attenuation in oligotrophic mine tailings:  Insights from DNA-SIP and metagenomics.
6671. MTHFR risk alleles associate with Th17 immunity and spinal damage in axial  spondyloarthritis.
6672. Ligustilide alleviates myocardial infarction by targeting S100A9 to inhibit  neutrophil activation and attenuate the inflammatory cascade.
6673. Maternal rebaudioside A and acesulfame-K exposure reprograms offspring  submandibular gland development in a sex-dependent manner.
6674. Methylation of zinc-finger protein ZNF471 regulates MIS18A expression and  inhibits proliferation and metastasis of hepatocellular carcinoma via negative  regulation of the Wnt/β-catenin pathway, as well as enhances sensitivity to  apatinib and donafenib.
6675. Hydrogen selenide and selenium donors: From Gasotransmitter biology to precision  Neurotherapeutics.
6676. Limitations of endogenous denitrification in low carbon-to-nitrogen wastewater  treatment: Insights into carbon allocation imbalance and metabolic adaptation.
6677. Cortical electrical stimulation modulates hippocampal electrophysiological  activity in mouse brain slices of temporal lobe epilepsy.
6678. Immunosuppressive ergosterol-emodin hybrids from the endophytic Penicillium sp.  XB152.
6679. Stoichiometric constraints and cooperative hunting reshape tri-trophic  food-chain dynamics and trophic transfer efficiency.
6680. USP22 inhibition potentiates GPC3 chimeric antigen receptor macrophages efficacy  in hepatocellular carcinoma by downregulating tumor CD24 expression.
6681. Cost-effectiveness and budget-impact analysis of tirzepatide in heart failure  with preserved ejection fraction and obesity in the German health-care system.
6682. Clinical outcomes and recurrence after treatment of asymptomatic pulmonary  tuberculosis: A nationwide cohort study.
6683. AKAP signaling: physiological and pathophysiological roles and opportunities for  novel therapeutic concepts.
6684. Inhibition of Sonic Hedgehog signaling pathway by GANT61 alleviates adenomyosis  by suppressing epithelial-to-mesenchymal transition, cell migration and  proliferation.
6685. Resveratrol functionalization of a collagen-based scaffold derived from amniotic  membrane restores angiogenic activity and tissue regeneration in type 2 diabetic  wound repair.
6686. Avian pathogenic Escherichia coli virulence protein Hcp2a induces incomplete  autophagy in chicken HD11 cells.
6687. TLR4 receptor blockade diminishes cardiac and renal toxicity induced by  cisplatin treatment in rats.
6688. IL-19 promotes psoriasis progression by inhibiting keratinocyte apoptosis via  the Bcl-2/Caspase-3 axis.
6689. Impact of individual and collaborative assessment strategies on pharmacy  students' performance.
6690. Construction of targeted paclitaxel delivery nanosystem and its apoptosis  mechanism on A549 cells.
6691. Responsive dual-layer hydrogel microneedles accelerate diabetic wound healing  via antibacterial and enzyme cascade regulation.
6692. Implementation of therapeutic adherence in adult patients diagnosed with the  Human Immunodeficiency Virus: A systematic review.
6693. Agentic AI in radiology: A bakery oven analogy.
6694. The use of virtual environments to prevent or treat behavioral addictions: A  systematic review.
6695. The impact of a sleep extension intervention on child health-related quality of  life.
6696. Mid-term outcome of first stenting without retrieval technique for acute  intracranial atherosclerotic stenosis related large vessel occlusion in anterior  circulation.
6697. Biomarkers of plasticity and recovery after stroke: Insights from the PRACTISE  trial.
6698. Epilepsy and risk of psychiatric disorders in later life: a population-based  cohort study of 38,173 older men.
6699. Real-time emotion recognition based on EEG signals using a hybrid batch-stream  architecture.
6700. Valorization of corn soaking water into high-quality mycelium protein using  Aspergillus niger FS10 for the production of high-performance meat analogue  gels.
6701. Desensitizing mechanism of LBGP70 on peanut allergy: Competitive inhibition and  allosteric regulation of DC-SIGN on dendritic cells.
6702. Distribution, contributing factors, and dietary enrichment of equol in bovine  milk.
6703. Coupling passive sampling with Paracentrotus lividus embryo toxicity assay for  assessing biological effects in Mediterranean harbour waters: insights from a  three-year monitoring study.
6704. Decoupling droplet transport from the nucleation interface via wire-guided  sliding condensation.
6705. Surface-proximate PtCu bimetallic sites for selective Electrocatalytic  hydrogenation of benzoic acid.
6706. Synergistic engineering of step-scheme heterojunctions in silicon carbide  nanocages for boosting piezocatalytic hydrogen peroxide synthesis in pure water.
6707. Electrochromic double-network hydrogel for flexible strain sensing and on-board  energy storage in wearable devices.
6708. CMR12, a novel insulinotropic compound, enhances second-phase insulin secretion  with metabolic changes in pancreatic β-cells.
6709. Noncanonical inflammasomes: New insights into their roles in inflammation and  immunopathology.
6710. Microaggressions, negative affect, and alcohol use behaviors among Black  undergraduates: A daily diary study.
6711. Pathomic biomarkers derived from whole-slide histopathology predict  hepatocellular carcinoma progression and enable GPC3-linked tumour  microenvironment stratification in a preclinical experimental oncology model.
6712. Enhancing photocatalytic degradation: A comprehensive study on radiation field  and photon distribution in concentric annular reactor.
6713. Development of dual A2AR/EGFR targeting pyrazoline-thiazole hybrids for restored  apoptotic balance in colorectal cancer.
6714. AMP-distillation: A knowledge distillation framework for accurate and efficient  antimicrobial peptide prediction.
6715. MHGCL: Multimodal heterogeneous graph contrastive learning for cancer patient  classification.
6716. A sono-piezoelectric scaffold prompts disc regeneration by activating  Ca(2+)/CaMKII/Parkin-mediated mitophagy.
6717. Targeting lysosomal dysfunction with small-molecule TRPML1 ligands: Therapeutic  opportunities in lysosomal storage disorders, neurodegeneration and beyond.
6718. Genetic alterations of telomere maintenance pathways in paragangliomas.
6719. Anterior Cervical Approach to Vertebral Artery Exposure: A Step-By-Step Surgical  Technique Guide By the Cervical Spine Research Society.
6720. Safety of COVID-19 mRNA-1273 booster doses in Asian populations: A literature  review of post-marketing observational studies.
6721. Immunological fitness of echinocandin-resistant Nakaseomyces glabratus (former  Candida glabrata): The impact on the management of candidemia.
6722. Methodological opacity in Sword Health digital pelvic health: can superiority be  claimed without defined interventions?
6723. TGFA promotes the development of cervical cancer via interacting with DSG2.
6724. Deep Learning-Based Early Prediction of Syncope Onset During Tilt Table Testing  via Temporal Convolutional Autoencoder Anomaly Detector.
6725. Functional consequences of diminished myocardial oxygen delivery per beat in  experimental heart failure.
6726. American Society for Gastrointestinal Endoscopy Technology Status Evaluation  Report: tools for benign pancreaticobiliary dilation.
6727. Genotype-guided Recall Delineates the Adult Auditory Phenotype in GJB2 p.V37I  Homozygotes: High-frequency Vulnerability and Environmental Modulation.
6728. Statement of Retraction: Long non-coding RNA Neat1 triggers renal tubular  epithelial cell apoptosis via activating BH3-only protein in membranous  nephropathy.
6729. Dynamical simulation of on-axis transmission Kikuchi and spot diffraction  patterns, based on accurate diffraction geometry calibration.
6730. Antagonistic contributions of A-type and B-type lamins to LBR localization and  dynamics.
6731. Disrupted endocannabinoid signaling contributes to systemic inflammation in  acute pancreatitis.
6732. Role for TREK-1 as a polymodal sensor and regulator of cell activity.
6733. DICER1-associated 'yolk sac tumour' or 'foetal-type adenocarcinoma?':  questioning historical terminology.
6734. Response to letter regarding "clinical impact of disease stability on  exacerbation and mortality in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease".
6735. The Hidden Harm of Information Toxicity: Rethinking How We Share Medical  Information.
6736. Amitriptyline for neuropathic pain in patients with leprosy: a bicenter  randomized controlled trial.
6737. Seasonal Thermal Ecology and Locomotor Performance of an Andean Viviparous  Lizard: Assessment of Its Vulnerability to Climate Change.
6738. Potassium binders as enablers of guideline-directed  renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system inhibitor therapy.
6739. Developing a global framework to assess a country's readiness and resilience to  introduce a new vaccine or improve uptake of an underutilized vaccine.
6740. Repeatability of phenotypic consequences due to whole-genome duplication in  Spirodela polyrhiza.
6741. Evaluation of a Partial Ban on Rx-Rebates in Germany.
6742. MRI-based biomarkers of bone marrow adaptation in anemia: A quantitative  evaluation.
6743. Predicting spontaneous preterm birth using machine learning algorithms.
6744. Substituent effects on the spectral, photoisomerization, and nonlinear optical  properties of new azo-imine compounds: Experimental and DFT study.
6745. Delayed Progression-Free Survival Benefit of Belzutifan Versus Everolimus in  LITESPARK-005: A Reconstructed Time-to-Event Reanalysis.
6746. Long-Acting Injectable Cabotegravir HIV PrEP Uptake, Adherence, and Persistence  in Two Large US Integrated Healthcare Systems.
6747. Peripheral Revascularization in Diabetic and Nondiabetic Patients: A  Single-Center Observational Experience.
6748. Direct oral anticoagulant monotherapy vs combination therapy with antiplatelets  in chronic coronary syndrome patients with prior percutaneous coronary  intervention requiring anticoagulation: A meta-analysis.
6749. Neural reorganization of dialect perception within a critical two-month window  in infancy: A longitudinal fNIRS study.
6750. Linking prenatal alcohol-induced transcriptomic alterations to  hippocampal-associated structural and behavioral deficits.
6751. Neodolastane diterpenoids from cultures of basidiomycete hydropus cf.  trichoderma.
6752. Adaptive laboratory evolution and rational engineering enabled xylose  utilisation and xylan conversion in natural isolates of Saccharomyces  cerevisiae.
6753. Exploring the mechanisms of Gualou Xiebai Banxia decoction against myocardial  ischemia by integrating network pharmacology, metabolomics, lipidomics, and  experimental validation.
6754. Novel statin derivatives as non-competitive inhibitors of human adenylate kinase  1: synthesis, enzyme inhibition, molecular docking, and biological studies.
6755. How additives steer sewage sludge hydrochar properties: Divergent pathways of  MgO/CaO versus sawdust in carbon/nutrient fate and magnetism.
6756. Unified interpretable machine learning framework for predicting pellet quality  from raw and thermochemically pretreated biomass.
6757. The performance and microbial community characteristics of a novel multilayer  high-light energy utilization rate algal-bacterial symbiotic wastewater  treatment system.
6758. Phenotypic characterization and hepatopancreatic transcriptomics reveal the  regulatory mechanisms of precocious maturation in Macrobrachium nipponense.
6759. Microbial community and water quality changes associated with the disease  occurrence in northern snakehead (Channa argus) aquaculture ponds.
6760. Modulation of lysozyme amyloid fibrillation by three structurally similar  dihydroxy-coumarins: A comparative analysis.
6761. Impaired branched-chain amino acid catabolism serves as a metabolic hallmark and  therapeutic target in keloids.
6762. A new dual-functional sensing system for glucose detection and logic gate  construction based on PNIPAM-GOD/Co-MoS(2) binary architecture intelligent  films.
6763. Lung cancer in primary care: Development & validation of a prediction algorithm.
6764. A novel flexible composite polymer electrolyte with robust interfaces and  synergistic ion channels for solid-state sodium metal batteries.
6765. Class-level aggregation obscures clinically relevant heterogeneity in  anti-amyloid antibody trials: comments on a Cochrane review by individual  members of the EADC.
6766. Oral Health in Early and Advanced Stages (1-4) of Chronic Kidney Disease: A  Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
6767. Accuracy of Large Language Models in Answering Dental Examination Questions: A  Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
6768. Association between blastocyst morphometrics and live birth, obstetric  complications and perinatal outcomes.
6769. Advances in mosquito olfaction: Genetic, genomic, and behavioral approaches in  Aedes aegypti.
6770. Graphene field-effect transistor microarray with simple preparation method, good  stability, and high sensitivity for bioassay.
6771. Triggering dual-suppression and single-enhancement signal pattern via bipedal  DNA walker and CHA for ratiometric electrochemical AFP detection.
6772. Nanomolar electrochemiluminescence via smartphone: Image encoding matters.
6773. Skull bone marrow-derived IL-10(+)VEGF-α(+)neutrophils exert neuroprotective  effects in aged TBI.
6774. Efficient gram-scale synthesis and preclinical evaluation of an escin-derived  therapeutic for ovarian cancer.
6775. Multi-potential laser-induced graphene fluidic paper-based array for in-flow  differential analysis of phenolic compounds.
6776. Discovery of NTQ2494, a potent and orally bioavailable inhibitor of AXL kinase  for the treatment of human tumors.
6777. A ZIF90-tungsten-based nanoparticle hydrogel system with antibacterial and  antioxidant properties promotes periodontal bone regeneration by modulating the  ROS/Plagl1/Wnt pathway.
6778. Magnetic RNA building blocks (RBBs)-driven modular spheroid assembly.
6779. Selective vulnerability of the macular ganglion cell layer to nocturnal hypoxia  in obstructive sleep apnea: A 3-year longitudinal study.
6780. Spatiotemporal graph learning for detection and localization of external inflows  in sustainable urban sewer systems.
6781. Rapid determination of methamphetamine content using mid-infrared spectroscopy  with chemical prior knowledge.
6782. Comparative performance of stress hyperglycemia ratio, glycemic gap, and  hemoglobin glycation index for predicting functional outcomes after intravenous  thrombolysis in acute ischemic stroke.
6783. Genome-wide identification of adaptive genes for kiwifruit leaf surface and  apoplast colonization in Pseudomonas syringae pv. actinidiae.
6784. Preplanned versus online control in baseball batting: Effects of temporal  constraints and spatial uncertainty.
6785. Adapting evidence-based practices for Asian American and Asian immigrant  communities: insights from community-based organizations and therapists.
6786. Cell based therapy in chronic kidney disease: emerging evidence for a fifth  pillar in guideline directed medical therapy.
6787. Cost-effectiveness of multidisciplinary care for patients with chronic kidney  disease in Japan.
6788. Season-adaptive blood pressure management in older adults with CKD: a practical  review.
6789. Renal function and comprehensive frailty in community-dwelling older adults:  cross-sectional and longitudinal analyses.
6790. The Light of Care in Dark Times.
6791. Mild 18 F-PSMA-1007 Uptake in a Giant Bone Island.
6792. Alert fatigue measurement in clinical decision support: a systematic review.
6793. When copper turns killer: Decoding copper dyshomeostasis and cuproptosis in  neurodegenerative pathogenesis and precision metal interventions.
6794. RBM15B-mediated m6A modification of FOXM1 activates the AURKA/TPX2 axis to  promote epithelial-mesenchymal transition-driven endometrial cancer progression.
6795. The Effect of Group Counselling on Body Image and Sexual Satisfaction Among  Women with Breast Cancer: A Randomized Clinical Trial.
6796. Chemiluminescence resonance energy transfer-based method to investigate the  platelet surface molecule in acute myocardial infarction.
6797. Quality of life indicators among recent Ghanaian stroke survivors across 10  hospitals: A cross-sectional study.
6798. The effects of endometrial polyps, leiomyomas, adenomyosis, and endometriosis on  endometrial receptivity: phenotype, molecular pathways, and clinical  implications.
6799. The application of growth factors in bone tissue engineering delivery systems  and collaborative innovation strategies.
6800. Gene misexpression system for functional studies of genes involved in cuticle  development in the cricket Gryllus bimaculatus.
6801. Efficient Synthesis of Ergothioneine in Escherichia coli Through Identification  of Bacterial-Type Egt1 and Self-Assemble of Pathway Enzymes.
6802. Correction to "Effects of N-Acetyl-L-Cysteine Against Apical Periodontitis in  Rats With Adriamycin-Induced Cardiomyopathy and Nephropathy".
6803. Hidden in Plain Sight: The Miscoding of Chronic Postsurgical Pain as Dry Eye  Disease.
6804. Memantine prevents acute stress-induced memory deficits by reversing  sex-dependent pathophysiological glutamatergic alterations in the dorsal  hippocampus.
6805. Beyond CheckMate 577: Risk Stratification of Postoperative Recurrence after  Adjuvant Nivolumab in Esophageal Cancer.
6806. Voluntary childlessness in high-income countries: the impact of lifestyle and  self-fulfillment choices.
6807. Investigating racial differences in the receipt of antenatal interventions prior  to periviable delivery.
6808. Corrigendum to "Cross-frequency brain functional network analysis of auditory  stimulation in acute disorders of consciousness" [Brain Res. 1870 (2026)  150043].
6809. Effects of Calorie Restriction With and Without Strength, Endurance or Mixed  Training on Fat-Free and Skeletal Muscle Mass in Overweight or Obese  Individuals-A Systematic Review With Pairwise Meta-Analysis and Network  Meta-Analysis of Randomized Controlled Studies.
6810. Does air abrasion improve the retention of restorations in non-carious cervical  lesions? An 18-month split-mouth randomized controlled trial.
6811. Microbial insights into a high water-quality dependent freshwater snail:  Geographical origin and rearing mode shape the gut antibiotic resistance gene  profile of Sulcospira hainanensis.
6812. Valorization of coal gasification slag via Fischer-Tropsch tail gas driven  calcination: Hydration mechanisms, life cycle sustainability and heavy metal  leaching assessment of composite cement.
6813. Short-term exposure to ambient air pollutants and Herpes zoster risk: a  nationwide case-crossover analysis.
6814. Lifetime urban exposure, socioeconomic position and respiratory health among  adolescents.
6815. Microglial senescence and epigenetic reprogramming in alzheimer's disease: An  immunometabolic perspective.
6816. Establishment of a reporter gene-based assay to determine ADCC activity of  anti-tetanus toxin monoclonal antibody.
6817. Dynamic exosomal proteomic response of the sea cucumber Apostichopus japonicus  to Vibrio splendidus challenge.
6818. Declining antibiotic consumption and changing sexually transmitted infection  dynamics in Japan: A national ecological time-series analysis, 2013-2024.
6819. Elevated cytokine and nitric oxide levels in Behçet disease: EBI-3 as a  potential biomarker of vascular involvement.
6820. Treatment patterns and comparative clinical outcomes of ADHD medications in  adolescents and young adults with comorbid major depressive disorder.
6821. Outcomes of Early Sodium-Glucose Cotransporter Two Inhibitor Use in Takotsubo  Syndrome: Insights From a Multicenter Real-World Cohort Study.
6822. Breaking the growth-light trade-off in microalgae: toward efficient phototrophic  bioproduction via a physiological-response-guided step-gradient  light-downgrading strategy.
6823. Single-cell analysis reveals IL1B(+) macrophages promote lung metastasis in  adenoid cystic carcinoma.
6824. Functional and microstructural biomarkers of repetitive mild head injury in a  conscious momentum exchange mouse model.
6825. Effects of early life stress on functional connectivity underlying cognitive  flexibility across the lifespan.
6826. EEG microstates reveal differential network dynamics under constant current and  oscillatory brain stimulation.
6827. Distinct differences between COVID-19 vaccine refusers and vaccine hesitant in  the United States: Results from a population-based survey and latent class  analysis.
6828. The social stratification of slumber: Disentangling the intersectional effects  of heterogeneous adverse childhood experiences on sleep deprivation in US  children and adolescents.
6829. Ir(III) complexes for photo-activated mitochondrial G-quadruplex damage against  cisplatin-resistant cancer cells.
6830. Refining nodal classification in oral cancer: prognostic impact of nodal burden  within N2b and implications for AJCC staging.
6831. A 3D parametric model of the endothelial monolayer to predict its barrier  integrity: Influence of mechanical and geometric conditions.
6832. Reservoir computing for system identification and model predictive control.
6833. Dose and age matter: Xylazine prevents age-dependent fentanyl lethality in rats.
6834. Client perspective on digital counseling for families in day surgery - A  systematic literature review.
6835. Lactylation-induced TRIM47 exacerbates cell viability, cell cycle progression,  and glycolysis in thyroid cancer by inducing ubiquitin-mediated degradation of  FBP1.
6836. Zoonotic diseases and their impact on human and animal health.
6837. Rapid, portable, one-pot CRISPR/Dx system for multiplex detection of human  rhinovirus, adenovirus, and Mycoplasma pneumoniae.
6838. Structural optimization of cholesteryl ester transfer protein inhibitors: From  early scaffolds to advanced clinical candidates.
6839. Correlation between nutrient composition and key flavor compounds in chicken  soup: Insights from different chicken sources.
6840. Magnetic field-assisted freezing mitigates quality deterioration in oyster meat  (Crassostrea hongkongensis) by inducing the formation of uniform ice crystals  and preserving water-holding capacity.
6841. Melatonin treatment improves chilling tolerance and maintains quality of  postharvest Actinidia arguta fruit by regulating membrane lipid metabolism.
6842. Revealing the impact of low-temperature fermentation by Weissella cibaria  MXJSHZ8-3 on soymilk quality through volatile flavor compounds and metabolite  profiles.
6843. Sensors for urinary system applications: Current developments and future  perspectives.
6844. Nanostructured 2D/2D titanium carbide MXene and graphitic carbon nitride  heterojunctions for label-free salivary detection of TNF-α.
6845. Temperature management in malignant infarction requiring decompressive  craniectomy: real-world experience and hemorrhagic outcomes.
6846. Visible light activation Ti-based metal organic framework nanoenzyme for  colorimetric analysis of dopamine in serum.
6847. Back to the future! Is there still a role for the GnRH agonist protocol in  ovarian stimulation?
6848. Combining EEG, event-related potentials, and MRI biomarkers for detection of  mild cognitive impairment: A machine learning approach.
6849. Oxygen-driven shift from Pb(II) lattice incorporation to reversible surface  complexation: Exploiting hydrothermal sludge DOM for high-purity vivianite  recovery.
6850. Acetoclastic methanogenesis associated with arsenic methylation in a reducing  aquifer: Pathway-specific patterns and mechanistic insights.
6851. From spruce packaging waste to fluorescent carbon quantum dots/formaldehyde  detection probe: performance and mechanism.
6852. Identification and validation of cholesterol homeostasis and NK cell-associated  predictive and therapeutic models for Coronary atherosclerotic heart disease  patients with ST-elevated myocardial infarction: Insights from artificial  intelligence and multi-omics.
6853. The effect of peripheral vasopressor protocols on extravasation rates: A  systematic review and meta-analysis.
6854. Physiological responses of Robinia pseudoacacia L. of different origins to soil  nitrogen supply.
6855. Harnessing institutional knowledge: mixed methods evaluation of peer coaching in  a multi-site EHR transition.
6856. Repair of single-strand breaks during the cell cycle - saturation of repair  capacity.
6857. A multi-centre real-world evaluation of AI-assisted organ at risk contouring on  radiotherapy treatment planning workflows.
6858. Editorial Comment.
6859. Transcriptomic analysis reveals the regulatory role of LIPE in lipid metabolism  and tumor-associated macrophage polarization in breast cancer.
6860. Copper (I) nicotinate complex potentiates chemotherapy-induced apoptosis in  HCC-1806 triple negative breast cancer cells: An in vitro study.
6861. Wavefield-Aware quality control and shear wave speed estimation in ocular  Vibro-Elastography.
6862. Can positive mental imagery help high worriers stop worrying? An experimental  test.
6863. Antidepressant therapy in the management of glioblastoma multiforme: A  systematic review and meta-analysis.
6864. Comparative analysis of volatile profiles in 39 cultivars of Chinese chives and  establishment of flavor fingerprints.
6865. Aggregated-state remodeling of quinoa protein gels by thermal pretreatment and  transglutaminase.
6866. Effects of dry-direct seeding with non-flooded regime on starch structure and  functionality in water-saving and drought-resistance rice.
6867. Atmospheric pressure plasma-activated medium activates macrophages toward an  antitumor M1 phenotype by modulating the SIRPα phagocytic checkpoint.
6868. Experimental and theoretical investigation of photoinduced electronic  transitions and charge-transfer properties in a novel azo compound:  (E)-1-((3-Methoxyphenyl)diazenyl)naphthalen-2-ol.
6869. MnTi bimetallic MOF as peroxidase mimic for colorimetric detection of acid  phosphatase.
6870. Multi-feature fusion identification algorithm for VNIR-SWIR spectra of  molybdenite and associated minerals.
6871. Evaluating model-estimated shoulder muscle activity during overhead work with  varied task demands and exoskeleton use.
6872. Probiotics modulate colorectal cancer in male BALB/c mice via metabolomics and  gut microbiota regulation.
6873. Exosomes derived from first-trimester human decidual mesenchymal stem cell.
6874. Assessing Myocardial Microcirculation in Patients with Anxiety and  Non‑obstructive Coronary Artery Disease: A Comparative Study of Pharmacologic  versus Mental Stress CT Myocardial Perfusion Imaging.
6875. Alteration of the cortical spreading depolarization in the mouse defective in  translocator protein 18 kDa.
6876. Thiamine responsive lactic acidosis in patients not in shock: A case series and  literature review.
6877. Portal Vein Stent Placement in a Pancreatic Cancer Cohort: Outcomes and  Predictors of Portal Stent Occlusion.
6878. Clinical features of central sensitization moderate the effect of repetitive  transcranial magnetic stimulation in chronic low back pain.
6879. Oxytocin modulates glucose metabolism to protect against cardiac remodeling via  the STAT3/eNOS Axis.
6880. Organotypic retinal cultures as an ex vivo screening platform for PLGA-based  neuroprotective microspheres.
6881. Outcomes of local excision compared with radical resection for 1- to 2-cm rectal  neuroendocrine neoplasms: A National cancer database analysis.
6882. Macrophage reprogramming nodes for bone repair identified by single-cell and  spatial omics.
6883. Co-digestion of sewage sludge and food waste in anaerobic membrane bioreactors:  Process-level and plant-wide assessments.
6884. A novel hesperetin derivative DU12 targets cyclin-dependent kinase 17 (CDK17) to  inhibit malignant progression of ovarian cancer.
6885. RNA splicing regulation and tumor: A focus on the multifunctional SRSF family as  a therapeutic target.
6886. Universal suicide risk screening outcomes in the Veterans Health Administration  and the interaction between veteran sex and age.
6887. Impact of Maternal Factors Before and During Pregnancy on Newborn Cord Blood  Vitamin D Concentrations: A Multicenter Prospective Cohort Study.
6888. Industrial, residential, and treated effluents contribute to synthetic musk  pollution in Australian waterways.
6889. Zoonotic bacterial dynamics in two sympatric urban gull species within  anthropized environments.
6890. Gut microbiome and metabolic responses of adult zebrafish (Danio rerio) to the  co-exposure of polyethylene microplastics and levofloxacin.
6891. Co-exposure to PFAS, PFAS alternatives, and metals and liver function in Chinese  adults.
6892. Behavioral, biochemical, and endocrine stress responses in zebrafish exposed to  azithromycin, nimesulide, and their combination.
6893. Exposure to trietazine causes cardiovascular and liver damage and impairs  neurodevelopment through oxidative stress and inflammatory mechanisms in  zebrafish and transgenic lines.
6894. Cellular toxicity assessment of common plasticizers: Implications for  musculoskeletal and cardiovascular health.
6895. Abhrak Bhasma alleviates the cyclophosphamide-induced lung damage via the NF-κB  signalling pathway.
6896. Linking electric field pattern to clinical efficacy of transcranial electrical  stimulation in substance use disorder: A modeling-based meta-analysis.
6897. Sexual dimorphism and estrogens in neuroendocrine neoplasms.
6898. Phellinus igniarius targets HIF1A to regulate HK2 and inhibit metabolic  reprogramming in acute myeloid leukemia.
6899. Cylindrospermopsin induces progressive myocardial injury via disrupting  sympathetic β-adrenergic pathway and redox homeostasis: A molecular,  radiological, and histopathological evaluation.
6900. In vitro evaluation of automated single-unit crown design using artificial  intelligence: Design time, marginal misfit, dental morphology, and contact  points.
6901. Accuracy and hallucination behaviors of artificial intelligence-based large  language models for dental implant identification on radiographs.
6902. The association between transportation noise exposure and mental health outcomes  in children and adolescents in High Income Countries: A systematic umbrella  review.
6903. Linking propolis chemical composition and geographical origin to  immunomodulatory effects in human immune cells.
6904. Yi-Qi-Jian-Pi formula alleviates hepatic fibrosis in acute-on-chronic liver  failure by regulating ferritinophagy-mediated hepatic stellate cell senescence.
6905. Green synthesis of ZnO nanoparticles using pomegranate husk extract: comparative  evaluation of antioxidant, enzyme inhibition, and cytotoxic properties.
6906. Coupled abiotic-biotic processes driving manganese removal in a pozzolona  biofilter of a full-scale passive mine water treatment plant.
6907. PTSD symptoms and firearm storage practices among adults in the United States:  Examining trauma history subgroups.
6908. The cost of digital convenience: Food delivery platform entry, health, and  medical spending.
6909. Embodiment of a functionally altered virtual arm in adults and children.
6910. Horizontal inequity in long-term care access under universal coverage in Japan  (2001-2022).
6911. Fe/Mn‑carbon nanofibrous membrane with graphitized heterointerface for efficient  electrocatalytic antibiotic degradation.
6912. Multibiomarker assessment of greenly synthesized silver nanoparticles toxicity  in the Tor putitora.
6913. Pretreatment of ADSCs with resveratrol-functionalized selenium nanoparticles  alleviate CCl(4)-induced liver fibrosis in mice.
6914. Flexibility-tunable polymeric ionic liquids mediated interface modification of  ZIF-67/MWCNTs: triple interfacial mechanisms for selective caffeic acid  electrochemical sensing.
6915. Peripheral structural engineering of quinoline-malononitrile-triphenylamine  (QM-TPA) core enhances Anti-tumor PDT efficacy through necroptosis.
6916. Letter to the editor: Diagnostic challenges of spinocerebellar ataxia 27B:  Implications for late-onset cerebellar ataxia in resource-limited settings.
6917. Early experience with robotic splenectomy for massive and supramassive  splenomegaly.
6918. When Does Synthetic Realism Become Clinical Utility? Reflections on Generative  Orthopantomogram Datasets.
6919. Patterns of referral for cytoreductive surgery and HIPEC among patients with  metachronous peritoneal carcinomatosis and T4 colon cancer: A population-based  study in Alberta, Canada.
6920. No seed size-number trade-off in European beech: climate governs investment per  seed.
6921. Reshaping immunotherapy sequencing strategy: equivalent survival with induction  plus consolidation vs. consolidation-only strategy in unresectable stage III  NSCLC.
6922. The first metal organic framework phthalocyanine integrated with ZnO using  Amaranthus spinosus as an efficient therapeutic candidate for cancer therapy.
6923. Biomarker-Driven Management of Nonmetastatic GEJ Adenocarcinoma.
6924. Effects of EGCG covalent modification on the antigenicity and functional  properties of β-conglycinin.
6925. Current Practice in Post-Cardiac Surgery Shock: A European Association of  Cardiothoracic Anesthesiology and Intensive Care Survey.
6926. Corrigendum to "Recognition of samples of similar composition using  kinetic-based optical fingerprinting strategy: Choice of indicator reactions"  [Talanta, 308 (2026), 129805].
6927. Care navigation for older adults after stroke - A systematic review and  meta-analyses to guide social prescribing.
6928. Reinforcement learning-based optimal formation control of underactuated USVs  with prescribed performance under communication delays.
6929. Genetic evolution and epidemiological dynamics of porcine epidemic diarrhea  virus in Guangxi, China, from 2020 to 2023.
6930. Corrigendum to "Associations of intrapartum synthetic oxytocin administration  with reduced neonatal salivary oxytocin levels and altered sucking patterns"  [Early Hum. Dev. 218 (2026) 106539].
6931. The authors respond to reader comment regarding machine learning models to  detect opioid misuse in emergency department patients at triage.
6932. Corrigendum to "RBMS3 synergistically suppresses ovarian cancer progression at  the post-transcriptional level by destabilizing ELAVL1 mRNA and inhibiting UPF1  methylation" [Cellular Signalling (2026) 112540].
6933. The upgrading and transformation of rice straw biogas engineering: efficient  lactic acid production strategy in the lactic acid-biogas-fertilizer model.
6934. Medium composition, temperature, and CO supplementation control CO(2) conversion  to C2-C6 alcohols by Clostridium muellerianum P21.
6935. A comparative study on in-situ and ex-situ microwave catalytic co-pyrolysis for  phenolic bio-oil production through machine learning and response surface  methodology.
6936. Silencing PACS2 attenuates cardiac hypertrophy by inhibiting ferroptosis via  activating SIRT1.
6937. Credible messengers and messages in firearm harm prevention: A systematic  review.
6938. Recombinant indoleamine 2,3-dioxygenase as a reliable alternative to HRP with  enhanced cumulative output in immunoassays.
6939. Astrocytic reactivity and amyloid load are reduced in a sex-dependent manner in  a mouse model of amyloid pathology following protease-activated receptor 2  activation.
6940. The dynamics of hepatitis B transmission with treatment and vaccination: A case  study in the Ili region of Xinjiang, China, by a physics-informed neural  networks approach.
6941. Hepcidin, still an antimicrobial peptide in fish: Exploring sequence diversity,  functions and therapeutic potential.
6942. The silent weight of stress: A biopsycholinguistic loop of cortisol, control,  and the language of the self.
6943. Aversive 22-kHz ultrasonic vocalization playback reveals differences in  affective (dys)function following early life adversity in male and female  juvenile rats.
6944. Determinants of the incidence of clinical consequences of untreated dental  caries among underprivileged schoolchildren: a two-year prospective cohort  study.
6945. Mechanistic insights and regulatory strategies of ZBP1 in tumorigenesis,  progression, and cancer therapy.
6946. Radiotherapy in primary central nervous system lymphoma: Evolution of its role  and current position in combined treatment strategies.
6947. Micropeptides in Cancer and Immunity: Diagnostic, Therapeutic, and Synthetic  Biology Frontiers.
6948. The role of pharmaceutical formulation development in clinical trials of new  medicinal products.
6949. SENP3 promotes PDPK1 deSUMOylation to inhibit the PI3K-Akt signaling pathway and  induce apoptosis in intestinal ischemia/reperfusion.
6950. PAFAH1B3 promotes gastric cancer progression by enhancing E2F8-mediated  transcriptional activation of VEGFA expression.
6951. Combined exposure to nano-TiO₂ and carbamazepine exacerbates reproductive  toxicity in mussels Mytilus coruscus by disrupting steroid hormone homeostasis.
6952. Atomoxetine hydrochloride impairs human sperm quality and function via  disruption of calcium homeostasis and PKC signaling: A combined network  pharmacology and in vitro study.
6953. Thioredoxin-interacting protein in fibrotic diseases: Mechanisms and therapeutic  strategies.
6954. Kallikrein-8 contributes to kallikrein-kinin system dysregulation in Alzheimer's  disease.
6955. Quantitative proteomic profiling of neural cells-specific metabolic  reprogramming in response to mitochondrial dysfunction using iMPAQT2.
6956. Remembering what you did: Episodic memory for self-actions.
6957. Crotonylation: A novel layer of the epigenetic landscape in disease.
6958. Environmental and geochemical determinants of bioactive organic constituents in  peloids: Implications for antibacterial activity.
6959. Exposure to source-specific VOCs around the Houston Ship Channel.
6960. Profiles and maternal-to-fetal transfer of per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances  in paired maternal-infant biological matrices: A birth cohort study in Chengdu,  China.
6961. Biological evaluation of guanidines, bisguanidines, and their derivatives as  anti-Trypanosoma cruzi agents.
6962. Characterising manual dexterity, motor cortex neuroplasticity, and intracortical  inhibition long after burn injury.
6963. IITZ01 attenuates fructose aggravated ulcerative colitis via prevention of  macrophage activation and decrease in cytokine release via inhibition of PIP5  kinase.
6964. Intravaginal GnRH analogues in rabbits: Fertirelin as the most effective option  for ovulation induction.
6965. CogniSNN: Enabling neuron-expandability, pathway-reusability, and  dynamic-configurability in spiking neural networks.
6966. MedSAM-guided geometry-aware 2D-3D feature fusion for medical image  registration.
6967. Does point-of-care testing offer a positive economic impact on primary  healthcare? A systematic review.
6968. Concentration-dependent SERS, DFT, NCI, and molecular dynamics investigation of  N-(5-chloropyrazin-2-yl)-4-ethylbenzamide (CEB) adsorbed on silver colloid.
6969. Fine bubble-mediated alkaline micro-interface: A novel strategy for enhanced  coagulation in sustainable drinking water treatment.
6970. A compound-eye-shaped photonic crystal SERS substrate for synergistic  enhancement of Raman scattering.
6971. A field-deployable immunofluorescence chip for adenovirus monitoring in  groundwater systems.
6972. Legacy contamination by PAHs, pesticides, and metals in an urban mangrove  estuary (Florida, USA), and the importance of sediment-core analyses to  assessing future risks.
6973. Microplastic-induced gut dysbiosis and metabolic alterations in juvenile  European seabass (Dicentrarchus labrax): A multi-omics approach.
6974. Neuropsychiatric symptoms and dementia development: a 15-year population-based  study.
6975. In-syringe solid-phase extraction coupled with UPLC-MS/MS for simultaneous  determination of reducing sugars, animo acids and Amadori compounds in tobacco.
6976. Magnetic graphene-imine-linked covalent organic polymer composites for fast  extraction and UPLC-MS/MS quantification of 14 trace drugs of abuse and their  metabolites in wastewater.
6977. Ion-pair-free reversed-phase liquid chromatographic profiling of  oligonucleotides through selective phosphorothioate alkylation.
6978. Deciphering the mechanisms underlying regional heterogeneity of high-temperature  Daqu through integrated electronic sensory, volatilome, and microbiome analysis.
6979. Antibacterial activity and mechanism of mangosteen extract garcinone D against  Bacillus cereus.
6980. Long-term risk of total joint replacement associated with second-line  glucose-lowering therapies in type 2 diabetes: A population-based retrospective  cohort study.
6981. Chemical composition, antioxidant, and antifungal properties of Mentha essential  oils: insights from chemo-informatic analysis.
6982. Development of double emulsions loaded with Malus baccata (Linn.) polyphenols  and their protective effect on dextran sulfate sodium-induced ulcerative colitis  in mice.
6983. Ultrasensitive electrochemical sensor for carbendazim in juices using  hierarchical single-walled carbon-based nanotubes/nanohorns hybrid conductive  networks integrated with stellate mesoporous silica nanospheres.
6984. The alginate-carrageenan blend exhibits good printability and supports adhesion  of ovarian stromal cells in bioprinted scaffolds.
6985. Longitudinal associations of 12 anthropometric indices with hypertension risk in  obstructive sleep apnea: insights from a cohort study.
6986. Sleep patterns, inflammation, and genetic susceptibility with incidence of  cardiac conduction disease and its subtypes: A prospective cohort study.
6987. Microwave-assisted cobalt doping induces copper vacancies and crystal  reconstruction to synergistically unlock ultrafast sodium storage in copper  sulfide.
6988. Homologous design of fluorinated amide-based deep eutectic gel electrolyte for  dual-protected interfaces in high-voltage lithium metal batteries.
6989. Anisotropic diffusion in lyotropic chromonic liquid crystal using fluorescence  recovery after photobleaching.
6990. Programming-voltage-induced interface charge redistribution for a  Lu(2)O(3)/Nb:SrTiO(3) deep-ultraviolet photodetector: Achieving reconfigurable  logic gates at zero bias.
6991. A dual-asymmetric hemostatic Janus hydrogel patch inhibits postoperative  recurrence and metastasis of triple-negative breast cancer by suppressing  COX-2/PGE(2) axis.
6992. Utilizing whole genome sequencing for the detection of nontuberculous  mycobacteria laboratory cross-contamination: experiences from a national  reference laboratory.
6993. Ultrasound imaging optimization via frequency-dependent weighting for angular  field-of-view.
6994. Dose-dependent neurotoxic effects of anastrozole via disrupting NLRP3  inflammasome and α-synuclein pathways.
6995. Nanoliposomal myricetin attenuates diabetic testicular tissue injury and  cellular dysfunction via coordinated modulation of PI3K/AKT/mTOR/SREBP-1c,  Nrf2/HO-1, NF-κB, and caspase signaling pathways.
6996. N-acetylserotonin protects against renal ischemia-reperfusion injury by  exhibiting antioxidant, anti-inflammatory and antiapoptotic effects through  regulation of Nrf2 and TLR4/NF-κB/iNOS expression.
6997. Regional expression of neurochemical metabolic pathways in the intestinal tract  of the turkey (Meleagris gallopavo domesticus).
6998. Biosecurity and animal welfare in broiler farms in Mezam division, Cameroon.
6999. Transcranial ultrasound stimulation for neuromodulation in movement disorders.
7000. Eye-hand coordination patterns of progressive and consistent micrographia in  Parkinson's disease: neurophysiological correlates.
7001. Vertical graphene-based electrochemical sensor for cisplatin detection and  molecular recognition.
7002. A case study of ethical and political change in the history of sexual  orientation conversion efforts in cognitive behavior therapy.
7003. The impact of alarm sounds on patient sleep in the intensive care unit: A  scoping review.
7004. Second Harmonic Generation Imaging Reveals Extent of Damage in Acute Nerve  Stretch Injuries in Rats.
7005. Dumping Syndrome After Esophagectomy: Prevalence and Predictors in  Gastroesophageal Cancer Patients.
7006. The association between artificial intelligence anxiety and occupational anxiety  among emergency department healthcare workers.
7007. Decoding metastasis initiation through spatiotemporal extracellular  vesicle-mediated intercellular signaling.
7008. The organization of multiple motor memories.
7009. Targeted delivery of a plant-derived monoclonal antibody using pulsed electric  fields in a 3D glioblastoma model.
7010. Simultaneous multi-slice diffusion weighted imaging of hepatocellular carcinoma  at 3.0 T: Comparison of breath-hold, free-breathing, and respiratory-triggered  techniques.
7011. Antiangiogenic therapy enhances CAR-T cell efficacy in solid tumors: Insights  from a hybrid multiscale model.
7012. Demineralization of Camel Dentin for Dental Tissue Engineering.
7013. Self-collection for HPV testing among emergency department patients: A  prospective, interventional, single-arm, feasibility study.
7014. Single-step versus multi-step intranasal naloxone devices for overdose response:  A randomized usability study in an at-risk population.
7015. Exosome and biotherapeutic strategies for dermatological and oncological skin  complications.
7016. Potentially Functional Variants in FCER1A and PLCG2, Two B Cell-Related Immune  Genes Predict the Survival of Chinese Gastric Cancer Patients.
7017. Vascular remodeling in asthma: from mechanisms to precision medicine.
7018. The immunogenicity and safety of adenoviral-based vaccines.
7019. Correction of iodine intake estimates from salt in Faroese dietary scenarios:  implications for iodine fortification strategies.
7020. Invited Commentary: Balancing Efficiency and Equity in the Operating Room.
7021. Parent-Led Pain Management in Neonatal Care-Time to Move Forward.
7022. Prognostic Impact of TP53 and RB1 Alterations in Metastatic Castration-Resistant  Prostate Cancer Treated with Docetaxel.
7023. Comprehensive profiling and molecular characterization of alternative splicing  regulation in synaptic remodelling associated with neuropathic pain induced by  chronic constrictive injury in a rat model.
7024. Intra-Abdominal Hemorrhage Following Endoscopic Retrograde  Cholangiopancreatography in a Patient with a Cascade Stomach: A Case Report.
7025. The SEQUINS scholars program: a longitudinal curriculum to advance brain health  equity education among early career trainees.
7026. A comprehensive analysis of the adverse drug events of metastatic and  unresectable gastrointestinal stromal tumor treatment options: avapritinib,  imatinib, regorafenib, ripretinib, and sunitinib safety insights and  implications.
7027. Sedation With Oral Dexmedetomidine Premedication in Pediatric Patients With  Acute Lymphoblastic Leukemia Undergoing Blood Sampling: A Randomized,  Double-Blind Clinical Trial.
7028. Dietary intake, nutrition knowledge, and behavior in youth team sport athletes:  a scoping review and call to advance research and practice.
7029. Ventilation Imaging of the Lung at 0.55T With Continuous Slice Cycling.
7030. Elevated CO(2) via capture agent promotes photosynthetic efficiency and  reprograms carbon metabolism to enhance oil biosynthesis in Brassica napus.
7031. Improved risk stratification for placenta-mediated complications through the use  of mid-gestational uterine artery Doppler: A retrospective cohort study.
7032. Indole-3-carboxaldehyde from Limosilactobacillus reuteri targets the  DUSP1/ERK/NOX2/ROS axis to enhance the bactericidal activity of macrophages and  protects against sepsis.
7033. Sentinel Lymph Node Positivity and Utility of Frozen Section Diagnosis following  Neoadjuvant Therapy in Patients with Clinically Node-Negative, Hormone  Receptor-Positive, HER2-Negative Breast Cancer.
7034. Patient and Tumor Factors Influencing Diagnostic Trajectories in  Gastrointestinal Stromal Tumor Patients and Their Impact on Health-Related  Quality of Life: A Dutch Multicenter Study.
7035. Identifying Predictors of Delayed Ambulation After Minimally Invasive  Gynecologic Oncology Surgery.
7036. Reader comment regarding machine learning models to detect opioid misuse in  emergency department patients at triage.
7037. Telemonitoring of people with poorly controlled non-insulin treated type 2  diabetes: A feasibility trial.
7038. Letter to the Editor re: "Children with enuresis - are they more constipated  than others?".
7039. Editoŕs corner: repetitive DNA landscapes in the era of large-scale genomic  datasets and data integration.
7040. A tailored cognitive behavioural therapy intervention for depression in those  newly diagnosed with multiple sclerosis (ACTION-MS): A randomised,  assessor-blinded, active comparator trial.
7041. White matter abnormalities in bipolar II and unipolar depression - Evidence from  fixel-based analysis.
7042. The rule of three: structural diversity, differential expression and distinct  regulatory output of three MALT paralogues in salmonid fish.
7043. Leaf cell wall mechanics reveal contrasting patterns of structural persistence  and tissue plasticity in two temperate tree species.
7044. Kodamaea ohmeri-associated mitral valve endocarditis complicated by septic  embolism of the right femoral artery: A case report.
7045. Viral rebound and clinical outcomes in hospitalized patients with COVID-19.
7046. Effectiveness of an information-driven targeted isolation strategy in reducing  healthcare-associated infections caused by multidrug-resistant gram-negative  bacteria in the intensive care unit: A prospective uncontrolled before-after  study.
7047. Targeted peptide-modified M2 exosomes drug delivery system for the targeted  regulation of the lung injury microenvironment with isorhynchophylline (IRN):  based on the inflammatory-metabolic-epigenetic synergy mechanism.
7048. Influence of ions, pH and crowding agents on structure and stability of PIM1  secondary structures.
7049. Discovery of ferroptosis drugs targeting SLC7A11/BECN1 based on living cell  quantitative FRET imaging.
7050. The CRIP1/NFATC2/SREBF1 axis drives melanoma progression by promoting reactive  oxygen species-mediated endoplasmic reticulum stress activation.
7051. Para-chlorophenylalanine induces multidimensional affective-like behaviors in  adult zebrafish.
7052. Pelvic nodes ultra-hypo fractionated versus conventionally fractionated IMRT  with HDR brachytherapy in prostate cancer: interim analysis of a collaborative  multi-institutional non-inferiority phase 3 trial (PCS-XI, NCT05820633).
7053. Assessing underweight and overweight-obesity among five-year-old children born  very preterm: A comparison of two international references.
7054. Inhibition of RGS1 ameliorates obesity-associated macrophage dysfunction and  metaflammation through restoration of PINK1/Parkin-mediated mitophagy.
7055. Perforating external root resorption with periodontal-derived osseous ingrowth:  a radiographic mimic of internal replacement resorption.
7056. Left Ventricular Venting Strategies for Cardiogenic Shock in Patients Treated  With Extracorporeal Cardiopulmonary Support V-A ECMO: From Left Ventricular  Unloading to Offloading.
7057. Efficiently quantifying thermodynamic and kinetic effects of biochar pyrolysis  parameters on antibiotic adsorption from water using interpretable causal  machine learning.
7058. In vivo generation of CAR-T cells: Current obstacles, strategic solutions, and  clinical translation.
7059. Advances in nanoscale engineering of cyclotides: Overcoming biological barriers  toward precision therapeutics.
7060. Structure elucidation and in vitro toxicity of AZA-40, an azaspiracid isobaric  to AZA-1.
7061. Neural and metabolic mechanisms of emetogenic foodborne toxins via the brain-gut  axis in ageing and cachexia.
7062. Molecular-mechanistic insights into health impact of liquid crystal monomers on  pulmonary surfactant film.
7063. Comprehensive study on the interaction of estrogen and Microcystis aeruginosa  with coexisting of microplastics.
7064. The role of macrophage senescence in cardiovascular diseases.
7065. Irisin alleviates ferroptosis in LPS-induced acute kidney injury via regulating  FGL2.
7066. Puerarin inhibits SiO(2)-induced pulmonary epithelial-mesenchymal transition via  suppressing NF-κB activation: Insights from network pharmacology and experiment  validation.
7067. Exploring the dosage-effect relationship and mechanism of Huangqi in Huangqi  Guizhi Wuwu decoction for treating rheumatoid arthritis based on the  compatibility of the formula.
7068. Prevalence and effect of Peltogasterella gracilis (Cirripedia: Rhizocephala) on  the morphometry of hermit crab Pagurus edwardsii (Decapoda: Anomura) in the  Biobío region, Chile.
7069. A radiomics-based method for studying seed-based voxel-wise morphological  connectivity.
7070. Frequency-dependent disruption of morphology-constrained functional organization  in Parkinson's disease.
7071. Anatomy guided truncated conditional diffusion model for super-resolution  arterial spin labeling imaging.
7072. Preventing visual feedback of the moving limb during grasping preferentially  activates parietofrontal premotor areas.
7073. Structural determinants of beta-cell failure in type 2 diabetes: a multimodality  imaging study.
7074. Coal gangue activation for aerogel precursor preparation: A review of mechanisms  and energy consumption.
7075. Insight into the key role of dynamic Pb(0) sites in the synergistic  photocatalytic removal of BPA and Pb(II) over a Z-scheme CuCo(2)S(4)/BiOIO(3)  heterojunction.
7076. Changes in activation pathways of the peroxymonosulfate system driven by  nanoconfinement and active site regulation for efficient removal of organic  micropollutants.
7077. Combination of alantolactone and temozolomide targets stemness and lipid  metabolism in glioblastoma through YAP1-Hippo signaling.
7078. Serotonin's fundamental role in early social development: Socio-affective  communication through ultrasonic vocalizations, maternal affiliation, and the  bidirectional nature of mother-infant interactions.
7079. Does intranasal oxytocin reduce symptoms of mental disorders? A meta-analysis of  clinical trials.
7080. Initiating talk about suicide and self-harm in psychotherapy with adolescents  with depression in China: A conversation analysis approach.
7081. Interactive effects of drop height and visual deprivation on kinematic and  electromyographic characteristics during single-leg landing in individuals with  functional ankle instability.
7082. Identifying pre-treatment risk factors for cancer-related cognitive decline in  patients with breast cancer.
7083. Machine learning models for predicting readmission after stroke: A systematic  review and meta-analysis.
7084. BFO@Au leveraged membrane necrotherapy: Rapid tumor eradication via membrane  oxidation and immune activation.
7085. Epigenetic aging and blood based neurodegeneration markers in LASI-DAD.
7086. Mechanisms of Granule Detachment and Impact on Nitrifier Growth and Migration to  Flocs in Aerobic Granular Sludge.
7087. Effect of microplastics on arsenic transport in shallow groundwater of coastal  transition zones.
7088. Comment on "Ocrelizumab modulates the IL-2 signaling pathway and associated  lncRNAs in multiple sclerosis".
7089. Antifungal effects of dibenzofuran derivatives against multi-azole resistant  Candida albicans.
7090. The astragaloside-brucea javanica oil nanoemulsion inhibiting the progression of  oral squamous cell carcinoma through CDK1- HOXC10-MTFR2 pathway.
7091. Injection of Adipose-Derived Mesenchymal Stem Cell-Enriched Adipose Extract for  Temporomandibular Joint Osteoarthritis: A Randomised Controlled Trial.
7092. Non-surgical deep uterine embryo transfer combined with electroporation-based  genome editing enables scalable production of CD163-Knockout pigs.
7093. RASGRP3 orchestrates trophoblast morphogenesis of placental cotyledons via  RAP1-dependent signaling in goat (Capra hircus).
7094. Sustainable AuNPs@GO Paper-Based SERS Platform with Integrated Chromatography  for Point-of-Care Environmental Sensing.
7095. Prognosis in entry-level physiotherapy programs: An Australian and New Zealand  framework for developing knowledge and skills for musculoskeletal practice.
7096. A variational graph autoencoder guided by residual multi-head attention reveals  heterogeneity in spatial transcriptomics.
7097. The miR-1260-ZNF axis in non-small cell lung cancer: Focus on ZNF302, ZNF439,  and ZNF781.
7098. Genomic selection and association analyses for improving semen traits in Thai  native roosters.
7099. Nutritional and bioactive properties of native chicken eggs: Global perspectives  on human health implications.
7100. Modulating protein corona effects in SERS detection with inorganic salts: a  strategy for improved melamine detection in milk.
7101. Effects of various modified starches on the eating quality of frozen crispy pork  strips.
7102. Effects of oat β-glucans with different molecular weights on the physicochemical  properties, fermentation kinetics, and in vitro digestibility characteristics of  yogurt.
7103. Exosomal TGFBI promotes malignant progression of melanoma by regulating the FN1  signaling pathway.
7104. Morphology-, noise-, and resolution-robust ultrasound elasticity imaging with  Fourier neural operator.
7105. Operative and hemostatic differences between acute type A intramural hematoma  and aortic dissection.
7106. Completion of total mesorectal excision after total neoadjuvant therapy:  Analysis of volume and approach in a contemporary National Cancer Database  cohort.
7107. Neural responses to sensorimotor conflict in an embodied agency task.
7108. P75NTR promotes radiation-induced submandibular gland epithelial cell apoptosis  via the ceramide signaling.
7109. Precise determination of the ammonium ion in Mohr's salt: comparison between  direct hydrodistillation and a sulfate precipitation method.
7110. Generation of iPSC lines from myotonic dystrophy type 1 patients with varying  CTG repeat lengths.
7111. Attack of NADH and ascorbate toward metal-activated ligand of organoiridium(III)  compound.
7112. Penile Urethral Stricture After Radical Prostatectomy - Use of Aldehyde-Free  Bovine Pericardium Graft.
7113. Midwives' lived experiences of obstetric violence: a hermeneutic  phenomenological study.
7114. Postural health education in schools: teachers' perspectives on well-being,  inequities, and institutional constraints.
7115. Ecological niches and biogeography of nitrogen-fixing plants in Europe.
7116. Defining optimal frame rate for kinematic semen analysis of different dog breeds  assessed by computer-assisted sperm analysis.
7117. Effects of Adjunct Analgesics and Novel Anesthetic Agents on Intraoperative  Neuromonitoring: A Scoping Review.
7118. Digital and physical play contexts influence mother-child spatial language and  maternal questions.
7119. Beyond the Bobath/Neurodevelopmental Treatment label in childhood-onset  neurodisability.
7120. Longitudinal Dermoscopic and LC-OCT Monitoring of Facial Vitiligo Treated With  Topical Ruxolitinib: A Pilot Prospective Study.
7121. Factors influencing COVID-19 vaccine hesitancy in socially vulnerable Latinx  communities in North Texas.
7122. When Relational Care Becomes Burdensome: Advancing De-Escalation Through  Relational Load Management in Mental Health Nursing.
7123. Cochlear Implant Outcomes in Older Adults With Single-sided Deafness and  Asymmetric Hearing Loss.
7124. University outreach through active learning strategies for neuroscience  education: a report of the Brain Awareness Week held in Uruguaiana, Brazil, in  March 2025.
7125. Cardiovascular disease incidence and cancer risk in two large European  prospective cohorts.
7126. Recommendations From the Implementation Steering Group for Organ Utilisation  Histocompatibility and Immunogenetics Sub-Group: ISOU H&I Sub-Group  Recommendations.
7127. Impact of relative energy deficiency in sport on adolescent athletes.
7128. Gender-Sensitive Nursing: An Operationalizing Concept Analysis.
7129. Liquid Atmospheric Pressure MALDI (LAP-MALDI) Mass Spectrometry: A Versatile  Tool for the Characterization of Synthetic Polymers.
7130. Ovarian tissue cryopreservation in prepubertal girls: a systematic review of  indications, outcomes, and clinical practice.
7131. Laparoscopic Omega-type fundoplication (ΩTF) is a Safe and Effective Method for  GERD - Data on Radiologic and Clinical Follow-Up.
7132. Local Perceptions and Discourses on Pesticide Health Risks in a Rural Community  in Paysandú, Uruguay.
7133. Re-evaluating melanoma treatment: a comparative look at herpes simplex virus and  coxsackievirus oncolytic therapies in advanced melanoma: a meta-analysis of  clinical trials.
7134. Conversion Rate of Abstracts Presented at Regional Plastic Surgery Conferences  in the United States.
7135. Engineering a Novel Cofactor-Versatile Short-Chain Dehydrogenase for Efficient  Synthesis of Chiral Alcohols.
7136. Engineered Bacillus subtilis p43-Taglo1 fortifies the iron plaque-biofilm  composite to reduce arsenic uptake and promote rice growth.
7137. Pre-Transplant MRD Negativity and Age Under 40 Predict Superior Long-Term  Survival in Relapsed/Refractory B-ALL After CAR-T Therapy Bridging to  Haploidentical HSCT: A Multicenter Retrospective Study With 6-Year Follow-Up.
7138. Manganese Exposure and Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder-Related  Neurobehavioral Outcomes in Children: A Systematic Review of Human Studies.
7139. A review of the relationship between dimensions of alcohol consumption and the  burden of disease: 2026 update including Mendelian randomisation studies.
7140. From biomarkers to the risk index: a novel integrated model using  multidimensional urinary biomarkers to quantify e-cigarette exposure.
7141. Rosiglitazone hepatotoxicity resulting from hepatic protein covalent binding  derived from its aldehyde metabolite.
7142. Corrigendum to 'Diagnostic adjudication of potential participants with chronic  inflammatory demyelinating polyradiculoneuropathy in the ADHERE trial of  subcutaneous efgartigimod PH20' [Journal of the Neurological Sciences, 486  (2026) 125918].
7143. Cross-species transcriptomic integration reveals a MIRO1-mediated macrophage-T  cell axis in glioma.
7144. Illuminating the Dark Host Cell Proteome: A host cell protein coverage method  for LC-MS impurity assays.
7145. Biliojejunal Neoanastomosis Creation through Percutaneous Sharp Recanalization  with Biodegradable Stent Placement.
7146. Bisphenol A induces osteoporosis by targeting LAMA4 and OLR1: Novel insights  into environmental bone toxicity.
7147. Cement-based immobilization of Pb and Cd in contaminated soils: Enhancement via  novel carbon nanodots.
7148. Nitrification potential and ammonia-oxidizing archaeal diversity in three  contrasting acidic soils of eastern China.
7149. Associations of per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances (PFAS) with key metabolic  cardiovascular disease risk factors. The tromsø study.
7150. Colonization of bioelectrochemical system biofilms by low-adhesive denitrifiers:  Promotion by electroactive bacteria.
7151. Removal of acetaminophen and total nitrogen from secondary effluent via a  UV/PAA-biofilter process: Efficiency, biofilm characteristics, and reaction  mechanism.
7152. Detection and characterization of SMN1 deletions in type IV spinal muscular  atrophy using long-read whole-genome sequencing.
7153. Dual neurocomputational mechanisms underlying intergroup bias in costly  punishment.
7154. Local hyperexcitability and long-range hypocommunication in the low-gamma band  characterize major depressive disorder with mixed features.
7155. Sex-specific alterations in the functional hierarchy of the insula in autism  spectrum disorder and their associations with molecular profiles.
7156. Dose-based evaluation of delineation variation in radiotherapy: A scoping  review.
7157. TBX5-GATA4 interaction aggravates pulmonary artery smooth muscle proliferation  and pathogenesis of pulmonary arterial hypertension through transcriptional  co-activating CDK18.
7158. Nicotine promotes cell proliferation through α5-nAChR/RRM2 axis in lung  adenocarcinoma.
7159. Meta-Analysis of Transcatheter Versus Surgical Aortic Valve Replacement in Low  Surgical Risk Patients: An Update.
7160. TAVR in Low-Risk Patients at Long-Term Follow-Up: Promising Outcomes With  Remaining Uncertainties from an Updated Meta-Analysis.
7161. Therapeutic properties of ayahuasca component N,N-Dimethyltryptamine in a  pre-clinical model of Parkinson's disease.
7162. Anti-inflammatory and anti-oxidative effects of vanadium on motor and cerebellar  cortices of juvenile hydrocephalic mice.
7163. Synergistic enhancement of nonylphenol degradation and bioenergy recovery: A  novel electrode-mediated strategy for sustainable wastewater remediation.
7164. Clogging in constructed wetlands: Mechanisms, quantitative diagnosis, and  optimized mitigation strategies.
7165. The characteristics and mechanism of phosphorus adsorption and release of  extracellular polymeric substances in biofilms based on phosphorus recovery.
7166. Parent feeding strategies for infants and young children at developmental risk  in the first 24 months and their relationship to feeding stage and outcomes.
7167. G6PD activity in pediatric patients with the G6PD Ilesha variant: A case series  G6PD Ilesha variant in Pediatric patients.
7168. Venom with an altitude: Coagulopathy following an envenomation by the  high-mountain snake Gloydius monticola (Likiang pitviper) in Yunnan Province,  China.
7169. CHO endogenous weak promoters facilitating the development of high-yield cell  lines.
7170. A dynamic subject-invariant fragment mixing strategy to suppress subject  variability in EEG imagined speech classification.
7171. Infection screening at listing and vaccination management through the waiting  period in lung transplant candidates in Japan.
7172. Neoantigen-driven personalized vaccines for breast cancer: Platforms,  nano-delivery systems, and combination strategies.
7173. Micronutrient abnormalities in adults with type 2 intestinal failure: A  retrospective cross-sectional study.
7174. Impact of pre-freezing on palatal rugae-based postmortem identification:  Discriminant classification of intraoral scans in an ex vivo porcine model.
7175. Dealing with the world close to our body. Characterizing determinants of  peripersonal space plasticity.
7176. Processing-driven chemical transformations and pharmacological shifts in Panax  notoginseng.
7177. Fuzheng Huayu formula attenuates ductular reaction and liver fibrosis  potentially through suppressing Gli1 pathway.
7178. Paediatric palliative care and paediatric euthanasia: clarifying a moral  continuum.
7179. Synthesis of C18-modified radial mesoporous core-shell silica microspheres with  tunable shell thickness for ultra-high performance liquid chromatography.
7180. An isotopologue-mixture-based internal standard strategy for LC-MS/MS  quantification in plasma.
7181. Establishment of an integrated profiling-fingerprinting-chemometrics strategy  for quality control and mechanistic investigation of Fuhuo Capsule.
7182. 2025 guideline updates for community-acquired pneumonia diagnosis and  management.
7183. Reassessing the incidence of uveal melanoma in Germany: Insights from current  cancer registry data.
7184. A comprehensive review of use cases, misuses, and potential mitigation  techniques in generative artificial intelligence.
7185. Dietary supplementation with Acer truncatum seed modulates lipid profiles and  enriches unsaturated fatty acids in egg yolk of laying hens.
7186. Effects of fine-to-coarse limestone ratio on performance, egg quality, bone  traits, and renal CYP27B1 protein abundance in peak and aged Lohmann Brown  laying hens.
7187. Detection of quantitative trait loci and genetic correlations of lipid reserves  and production traits in aging laying hens.
7188. Deciphering the sources of dissolved organic matter in a eutrophic lake:  Insights from the identification of stable molecular markers by FT-ICR MS and  assembly processes.
7189. Machine learning-driven multi-objective optimization of electrospun nanofibrous  membranes design for membrane distillation.
7190. An interpretable multi-task learning model for effluent quality and greenhouse  gas emissions prediction in wastewater treatment plants.
7191. Regulating atomic hydrogen stabilization enables selective hydrodechlorination  of trichloroethylene to ethylene.
7192. Enteric viruses leverage bacteria to boost infectivity and disinfection  resistance.
7193. Comparisons of thalamocortical functional connectivity in transgender women and  cisgender individuals: associations with cognition in a Chinese cohort.
7194. Plant nanobionic sensors based on near-infrared fluorescent single-walled carbon  nanotubes: Developments and challenges.
7195. Quantitative determination in underwater mass spectrometry: Theoretical models  and experimental insights.
7196. Distinct differences of rice grain quality caused by developmental stage and  cultivar: A widely targeted metabolomics perspective.
7197. Integrated physicochemical profiling, metabolomics and 5-lipoxygenase docking: a  comparative analysis of naturally matured acacia honey versus commercial  samples.
7198. Discovery of acyclic purine nucleosides as promising antiviral agents against  dengue virus.
7199. Systems pharmacology approaches to modeling immune training and tolerance.
7200. Long-term health outcomes of pediatric obstructive sleep apnea: A 10-year  multicenter cohort study.
7201. The Chinese version of sleep behavior habits scale: A tool for identifying  insomnia patients amenable to behavioral intervention.
7202. Incidence and factors associated with low-level viremia among children and  adolescents living with HIV on dolutegravir- based regimens in Uganda.
7203. Influence of multi-party consultations on child involvement in clinical  encounters: An observational study of paediatric palliative care.
7204. Using sensitivity analysis to evaluate the fracture benefit of  parathyroidectomy.
7205. Transcriptome profile of keloid patients in Zunyi, China via multiple  bioinformatic analyses.
7206. In situ monitoring of ferroptosis via dual-mode imaging of TFR1 expression using  an aptamer-engineered MOF-Ag nanohybrid.
7207. ATP-triggered release of methylene blue for amplified photoelectrochemical  bioanalysis: Enabling a split-type immunosensing platform for the detection of  CA15-3.
7208. Biological responses to underwater noise in marine ecosystems: A systematic  review of taxon-informed threshold ranges.
7209. Marine biota exposure to tritium from ALPS-treated Fukushima discharge water: A  probabilistic radiological assessment.
7210. Multicentre MRI-based machine learning model for noninvasive prediction of  pulmonary metastasis in osteosarcoma integrating intra-tumoral heterogeneity  features.
7211. Association of prolonged grief and depression with end-of-life discussion among  bereaved caregivers.
7212. An exploration of undergraduate nursing students' heavy use of generative  artificial intelligence in academic practice: A descriptive phenomenological  study.
7213. Trust divergence in elderly care robot acceptance in middle-aged and older  adults: A latent profile and network analysis.
7214. Moving toward a corticocentric view of pediatric urinary incontinence.
7215. Recovery of ureteral dilation following laparoscopic Lich-Gregoir anti-reflux  surgery for moderate/severe vesicoureteral reflux in children.
7216. LLM-enhanced causal graph learning for real-time crash risk prediction.
7217. Influences of illuminated speed limit markings on driving behaviors-A driving  simulation study.
7218. Mental health and mental health care of South and East Asian immigrant pregnant  women residing in five OECD Countries: A systematic review.
7219. Fabrication of superhydrophilic cotton-like Co(2)P/NiFeS heterojunction  electrocatalyst via interfacial electrodeposition for efficient overall water  splitting.
7220. Sensitive and selective quantification of elcatonin in equine plasma and urine  using LC-FAIMS-MS/MS.
7221. Geospatial Analysis of Out-of-pocket Expenditure for Essential Surgical Care in  Rural Sindh.
7222. Impact of contact interventions on nursing students' cognition, attitudes,  stigma, and social distance toward mental illness in psychiatric nursing  education.
7223. Bacteriophage-associated endoglycosidases selectively depolymerize capsular  polysaccharides of Klebsiella pneumoniae belonging to the clonal groups 258  (clade II) and 307.
7224. The power of success stories: Social mobility beliefs of children and adults.
7225. Ankle joint contact forces and muscle contributions during walking differentiate  chronic ankle instability from copers and uninjured controls.
7226. Corrigendum to "Analysis of the diagnostic value of pre-event intracardiac  electrogram (pre-EGM) storage function in cardiac electronic implantable devices  for arrhythmia diagnosis" [International Journal of Cardiology 442 (2026)  133881].
7227. Association between functional autonomy and nutritional status in older adults:  A scoping review.
7228. PRESS & ROLL Technique for Descemet Membrane Endothelial Keratoplasty Graft  Unfolding in Vitrectomized Eyes.
7229. Results of breast cancer risk assessment and hereditary cancer genetic testing  in community obstetrics and gynaecology practice following a prospective quality  Improvement initiative.
7230. Multicenter retrospective observational study on the clinical effectiveness of  butyrate-producing Clostridium butyricum containing probiotics in patients with  COVID-19.
7231. RecC(935H) is associated with divergent evolutions of clonal group 258  Klebsiella pneumoniae.
7232. Blindly Trusting the Stage: The Therapeutic Consequences of Clinical Staging  Inaccuracy in Gastric Cancer.
7233. Cognitive Safety in Personalised Mental Health Nursing: A Structured Debates  Essay on Minimum Viable Data for Safer Decisions and Lower Burnout Risk.
7234. Delineating the "who-where-how" of persistent HIV epidemics: a 23-year  longitudinal genetic network, phylodynamic, and spatial analysis for precise  intervention in rural China.
7235. Rapid Lipidomics Analysis of Oxidised Phosphatidylcholines in Carbon  Tetrachloride-Induced Acute Hepatic Injury in Mice and Their Regulation by  Rhodiola crenulata Oligomeric Proanthocyanidins.
7236. Metabolic reprogramming in plant defense: linking signaling networks to  metabolomics-driven insights.
7237. Bistable wave speed of a diffusive three-species Lotka-Volterra competition  model.
7238. Novel multiplex immunofluorescence-based tumor inflammation score provides  apparent predictive biomarker in a phase I/II study of pembrolizumab with  gemcitabine in patients with previously-treated advanced non-small cell lung  cancer (NSCLC).
7239. CPAP treatment persistence following nasal procedures in obstructive sleep  apnea: a real-world claims-based analysis of 1.3 million patients.
7240. Combinatorial Probabilities of Multiple Fragmentation Events Explain Polypeptide  MS/MS Intensity Distribution, Overrepresentation of Smaller Fragments, and  Missing Middle of Top-Down MS.
7241. Machine learning combined with WGCNA reveals potential calcium uptake-associated  biomarkers in Parkinson's disease.
7242. Wt1 facilitates visceral beige fat formation to combat abdominal obesity.
7243. Individualized Treatment Effect Inference of Head and Neck Cancer with  Multimodal Data.
7244. A rare case of near-complete resolution of extensive cervicothoracic syrinx  following bilateral cerebellar tonsillar resection in Chiari malformation type  I.
7245. Prognostic value of 9 immune-inflammatory markers for patients with dilated  cardiomyopathy: A retrospective study.
7246. Development of Performance Metrics for Flexible Cystoscopy: Results from an  In-Person Modified Delphi Consensus Meeting.
7247. Prevention of microglial activation and postoperative cognitive deficits by  positive allosteric modulation of α5-GABA(A) receptors.
7248. The algal homolog of the plant CER1 and CER3 proteins is a bifunctional  hydrocarbon-forming enzyme.
7249. Integrating Green Process Engineering With Whole-Cell Catalysis to Intensify  Sustainable Glucaric Acid Production.
7250. Thrombotic Microangiopathy, Cryoglobulinemia, and Acute Kidney Injury in  Patients With Monoclonal Gammopathy: A Case Series.
7251. Network-Level Mechanisms of Sustained Recovery from Mental Fatigue  Differentially Modulated by Acute Exercise and Rest.
7252. Chemoimmunotherapy With or Without Thoracic Radiotherapy for Elderly Patients in  Advanced Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer.
7253. "Temporal meaning-making of women's emotional experiences during the infertility  treatment process: a qualitative study".
7254. Associations between economic crises and childhood vaccination coverage:  Evidence from 160 countries, 2000-2019.
7255. Comments on "Trends and Epidemiology of Human Papillomavirus-Related  Oropharyngeal Cancer in Chinese Populations From 2010 to 2024".
7256. A 3T MRS Sequence for Quantification of Glutathione in Human Brain Using  Stepwise Filtering.
7257. Structured Adaptability in HPB Cancer Surgery: Precision Beyond Technical  Uniformity.
7258. Clinical Course and Risk Factors for Malignant Progression in Intraductal  Papillary Mucinous Neoplasms with High-Risk Stigmata.
7259. Correction: Sedation Practices in Mechanically Ventilated Neurocritical Care  Patients from 19 Countries: An International Cohort Study.
7260. HAK-actin brings F-actin into focus in expansion microscopy.
7261. Effects of acute caffeine ingestion combined with post-activation potentiation  enhancement on the anaerobic capacity of male collegiate basketball players.
7262. The Difference of Tibetan Medicine Nanhanhuanshi From Different Producing Areas  Based on Multi-Element and C/O/Sr Stable Isotope.
7263. Oxidative stress and antioxidative defense in fetuses and newborn children with  spina bifida in cerebrospinal fluid.
7264. [Health care assistants in German primary care - A structural analysis].
7265. FastCF: A Fast Coupled Filtering Method for Ultrasound-Based Tissue Deformation  Analysis.
7266. Corrigendum to "An infrastructural approach to cross-boundary healthcare access:  The case of Hong Kong patients in the Greater Bay Area, China" [Soc. Sci. Med.  390, February 2026, 118891].
7267. Lifetime estimations of biodegradable polymers under realistic temperatures in  the marine environment.
7268. Enhancing memory T cell responses through Soluble Leishmania antigen and natural  adjuvants against Leishmania donovani in murine model.
7269. Two birds with one stone: Targeting METTL3 ameliorates doxorubicin-induced  endothelial premature senescence and atherosclerosis while potentiating its  antitumor efficacy.
7270. Salvianolic acid B ameliorates metabolic dysfunction-associated steatohepatitis  in mice by inhibiting hepatocyte ferroptosis via regulation of the SIRT1/p53  axis.
7271. Carbon ions collapse the hypoxic lipid shield to decouple survival from redox  vulnerability in NSCLC.
7272. The impact of social isolation and loneliness on the excess risk for mortality,  cardiovascular events, dementia, and depression among adults with stroke.
7273. Overexpression of BpWOX4 enhances salt stress tolerance in Betula platyphylla.
7274. Phosphorus-solubilizing bacteria and phosphorus-enriched biochar enhance growth,  cannabinoid content, and essential oil yield in salt-stressed hemp (Cannabis  sativa L.).
7275. Functional exploration of mitochondrial carrier family proteins in faba bean for  drought tolerance improvement.
7276. From tarsal anatomy to tear-film homeostasis: A history-informed review of the  meibomian gland in ocular surface biology.
7277. Human retinal organoids: from developmental biology to translational  applications.
7278. The GRPR signaling axis in cancer: Molecular mechanisms and oncogenic outcomes.
7279. HSP60-mediated UPR(mt) overactivation drives triptolide-induced hepatocellular  lipoapoptosis.
7280. Acetoacetyl-CoA synthetase modulates lipid partitioning and cholesterol-related  gene expression in NEFA-challenged neonatal bovine hepatocytes.
7281. Design, synthesis and antiproliferative properties of 7-azaindole linked  imidazole - 1,2,3-triazole hybrids and computational screening.
7282. Anti-Receptor Activator of Nuclear Factor-κB Ligand Improves Muscle Dysfunction  and Strengthens Bone in Laminin-α2-Deficient dy(2J)/dy(2J) Dystrophic Mice.
7283. Hepatocyte-specific PPARγ Deletion Uncovers Role of an Antagonistic PPARγ-HNF4α  Transcriptional Axis in Metabolic Dysfunction-Associated Steatotic Liver Disease  Progression.
7284. Tubulointerstitial diseases: an updated framework for diverse and emerging  entities.
7285. Inflammation and cardiovascular risk in autoimmune diseases: Mechanisms,  biomarkers, and clinical implications.
7286. Critical roles of CD4-1(+) T cells and their secreted IL-21 in vaccine-induced  humoral immunity in grass carp.
7287. Bio-based compounds from synergistic processing of bone waste via advanced  ultrasound assisted-enzymatic pretreatment and fast pyrolysis.
7288. Hierarchical in situ biomineralization-enhanced electroactive biofilm for  high-efficiency antibiotic degradation.
7289. Repurposing Coriandrum sativum L. powder into bifunctional graphene oxide  decorated biochar material for efficient removal of emerging pollutants and  sensing of uranyl ions.
7290. The Premature Termination of the Phase III SALAMANDER Trial of REX-001, an  Autologous Bone Marrow Cell Therapy, for Chronic Limb Ischemia in Diabetic  Patients: Insights and Outcomes.
7291. Complications Post-Endovascular Abdominal Aortic Aneurysm Repair in Patients  with Diabetes Mellitus: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
7292. Pelvic Congestion Syndrome: Retrospective Analysis Single-Institution Series  Reported in Latin America (2019-2023).
7293. Sodium danshensu mitigates myocardial ischemia-reperfusion injury by attenuating  ferroptosis through Nrf2/SLC7A11/GPX4 pathway.
7294. Artificial Intelligence (Pattern Recognition) in Musculoskeletal Imaging: The  Future or Hype?
7295. ADAM17 inhibition by the common antihistamine drug fexofenadine dampens soluble  proinflammatory TNF-α release.
7296. Impact of soil legacy on soil organic carbon partitioning in mangrove wetlands:  a density-based fractionation and X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy study.
7297. AI-enhanced system dynamics simulation for sustainable urban development under  water constraints: A case study of Langfang, China.
7298. A Copula-based Dynamic Bayesian Network for analyzing spatiotemporal runoff  encounter patterns in water source areas of inter-basin water transfer project.
7299. RSV vaccination in immunocompromised adults.
7300. The first complete multichromosomal mitogenome of Cunninghamia lanceolata  (Chinese fir): assembly, characterization and comparative analysis.
